They did n't really get hurt as much as I think they should have , " said Stich . "
Unidentified gunmen dragged 10 men out ot their homes in a rural area of Colombia 's northwest province of Antioquia and shot them to death , authorities said on Sunday .
Built in honor of Ingwë, High King of the Elves, sometime during the Noontide of Valinor, the Mindon Eldaliéva was the tallest tower in Tirion and overlooked the Sea with a great silver lamp
During Sarumans rule of the Shire he led a group of partisans fighting against the Ruffians around the Hills of Scary, before eventually being captured
At Cardiff : Kent 255-3 ( D. Fulton 64 , M. Walker 59 , C. Hooper
When ( halfback ) Justin Marshall got the ball he was going to go on the openside where Jon Preston was so I emptied my lung at him to get the ball this way .
The name Celeborn means "Silver tree", from the Sindarin words "celeb" ("silver") and "orn" ("tree")
She is also shown to possess some medical knowledge, being able to treat wounds from poisoned weapons
Denham Peiris painted six green parrots , worth about A$ 100 ( US$ 79 ) a pair , with a cinnamon hair dye and traded them as Indian Ringneck Parrots , valued at A$ 14,000 a pair .
Gondors Captain Eärnil had led the smaller Southern Army to victory over the Haradrim
TORONTO AT CHICAGO
FRANKFURT 1996-08-23
Gothmog (Robert Smith) is a downloadable character on the Heroes and Maps Pack in the "." Gothmog in LOTR Tactics
Gandalf then took command of the besieged city, and Prince Imrahil assisted him because Denethor in his madness retreated to the White Tower with his dying son, paying no further attention to the citys defence
At Leicester : Match drawn .
The Elves use "lhangs" (two-handed, curved swords somewhat reminiscent of Dacian falxes), and Sauron wields a giant mace
Italy 's Dini meets Burundi negotiator Nyerere .
Defiant U.S. neo-Nazi jailed by German court .
Anguirel was one of the two swords forged by Eöl, the Dark Elf from an iron meteorite
8. Fabio Baldato ( Italy ) 11 seconds behind
The story, the protagonist of which is Tal-Elmar himself, offers a glimpse of the Númenórean colonization of Middle-earth from the perspective of its indigenous inhabitants, and was published in the final volume of "The History of Middle-earth", "The Peoples of Middle-earth", in the seventeenth chapter
Duncan Shiels
It most likely corresponded to the constellation of
The languages originated as follows: There were also the Tengwar and Cirth scripts, associated with Quenya and Sindarin respectively
By the end, Húrin spoke of the circumstance of his errand in Brethil, involving the fact that Túrin Turambar, Niënor, and Morwen (his children and wife) had died there; and he turned the hearts of roughly half of the assembled folk against Hardang
In a manuscript dating from the late 1950s and early 1960s, Tolkien wrote that Esgalduin is Sindarin for "the river under shade"
Carlos Moya ( Spain ) vs. Scott Humphries ( U.S. )
The forces of Mordor greatly outnumbered the armies of Gondor and Rohan, however, and defeat appeared nigh, when Aragorn, returning from the Paths of the Dead, came up from the coast in the captured ships of the Corsairs of Umbar
Meeting at the front gate, Thranduil and Bard ransomed the Arkenstone; however, Thorin did not believe it was the stone he was searching for until Bilbo revealed it was the true Arkenstone
Ian Salisbury 2 4 1 50 40 16.66
Celebrant was Sindarin for silver course
Serbia 's Zastava workers protest enters 9th day .
He was succeeded on the throne of Durins Folk by his son Thráin I who fled to the Lonely Mountain
8. Andre Ribeiro ( Brazil ) , Lola Honda , 54.750
MOTOR RACING - LEADING QUALIFIERS FOR VANCOUVER INDYCAR RACE .
G. Whittall b Reiffel 11
Gandalf is the only one that seems to recognize it, and it does not appear until the Fellowship reaches the Bridge of Khazad-dûm
She was created for the series , and is thus non-canonical
The region was home to Middle Men of Edain stock, and the early colonists soon interbred with the indigenous population
In fact, the Entish language appears to be based on an ancient form of Common Eldarin, later enriched by Quenya and Sindarin, though including many unique tree-ish additions
Vána had played a formative role in the growth of great golden Tree Laurelin: "Then was the pit covered with rich earths that "Palúrien" (Yavanna) devised, and Vána came who loveth life and sunlight and at whose song the flowers arise and open, and the murmur of her maidens round her was like to the merry noise of the folk that stir abroad for the first time on a bright morning
" We have similar ambitions as far as our internal development and international life is concerned , " Kucan said .
" If the ( Tour 's tournament ) committee decides to change the rule I would not be against it , " said Ballesteros , Olazabal 's compatriot and Ryder Cup captain .
Former U.S. president Ronald Reagan 's wife , Nancy , admitted in her biography My Turn that she regularly consulted an astrologer to help her plan her husband 's schedule .
Far East gold traders thumped foreheads in frustration at the market 's foot-dragging this week and forecast on Friday that next week would not be much better .
LONDON 1996-08-22
Náin was 247 years old when he died
In the final week, there was an unprecedented rush to retake the seemingly impregnable Morannon in Mordor, in which Evil was overwhelmed
Hilary Gush
The exiled Ñoldorin Elves of the House of Finarfin under Finrod first showed interest in the isle between the years 50 and 60 of the First Age, when Finrod raised Minas Tirith to prevent the armies of Morgoth from passing through the area between the mountains and invading Beleriand
the third and final test between England and Pakistan at The
The Quenya embellishment of Fangorn Forest was Ambaróna
This caused much unrest amongst the locals, and in 3019 Bill Ferny, accompanied by several others, got into a brawl with a group of natives, including Heathertoes, who was among the several casualties
CHICAGO 1996-08-26
In Peter Jacksons "The Hobbit" film trilogy, the Arkenstone is discovered during the reign of Thrór, not Thráin I and feeds into the growing greed of Thorins grandfather
Afterwards Cirion had Elendils casket removed from the tomb and taken to the Houses of the Dead in Minas Tirith, as the tomb was no longer was located in the center of Gondor
After the Downfall of Númenor, Elendil and his four ships of refugees joined with the colonists to become the Dúnedain of Arnor
A tourist from Jordan was also told by Israeli soldiers at the al-Ram checkpoint that he could not enter Jerusalem .
Prairies saw no frost Monday , none rest of week .
Sagroth, Avranc, and Forhend were some who were under his authority
The Kaukareldar are a race of False-fairies or evil fay that appear Tolkiens earliest tales in the "The Book of Lost Tales"
HONG KONG 1996-08-29
MANCHESTER , England 1996-08-29
STUTTGART , Germany 1996-08-25
A ship then new they built for him of mithril and of elven-glass with shining prow; no shaven oar nor sail she bore on silver mas: the Silmaril as lantern light and banner bright with living flame to gleam thereon by Elbereth herself was set, who thither came and wings immortal made for him, and laid on him undying doom, to sail the shoreless skies and come behind the Sun and light of Moon
JOHANNESBURG 1996-08-28
The term "Fëa" is a Quenya word meaning "soul" or "spirit." The Union of Maedhros was an attempt by Maedhros, son of Fëanor, to unite Elves, Dwarves, and Men against Morgoth in the year FA 472
In Detroit , Orel Hershiser recorded his fourth straight win and Albert Belle snapped a sixth-inning tie with a grand slam as the Cleveland Indians completed a season sweep of the Detroit Tigers with a 9-3 victory .
6. Tea Vikstedt-Nyman ( Finland ) 5
Allpress appears in only once scene, where his character is shown as a Rohirrim bowman at the ready as Sarumans army gathers in front of the Hornburg
1930 - Belgian King Baudouin I born .
However, a key aspect of this gift of living within Arda for a short time was a virtue instilled into the race of Men to be motivated to create destinies for themselves amidst the powers and chances of the world
But Yeltsin 's spokesman rebuffed the suggestion , saying the president had left Moscow for a holiday near the capital .
Nevertheless, Silmariën was one of the most significant of Númenors royal family, as she received both the sword Narsil and the Ring of Barahir from Tar-Elendil, her father
In his lifetime he ruled Durins Folk from the city of Khazad-dûm
In Chicago , Cal Eldred pitched 5-1/3 scoreless innings and John Jaha scored one run and doubled in another as the Milwaukee Brewers held off the slumping Chicago White Sox , 3-2 .
In the next centuries Gondor held sway over the Easterlings
Their respective followers began fighting also, and slaughtered each other over the next several hours
Themes for ​the fourth Age Themes for the Dwarves
Beren died in TA 2763 at the age of 108 years old, and he was succeeded by his son Beregond
MANCHESTER , England 1996-08-29
7. J immi Madsen - Jens Veggerby ( Denmark ) 14
Miller raised the pace of the contest at the start of the fifth round and , once he started to get his right-left combinations working for him , the fight was never likely to go the distance .
U.S. surgeon investigated for discarding foot .
Ujjain 8 Yellow 12,750-12,900 12,850-13,050
5. Steve Brown ( U.S. ) 13.38
Sam tied an Elven Rope around Gollums neck for a leash, which inflicted great pain on Gollum
In other versions, the Mearas were descended from the horses of the Men of Númenor which they brought over the Great Seas
BOGOTA , Colombia 1996-08-30
" The committee will meet following a complaint by Israel over an incident in which two Lebanese residents were injured by Hizbollah fire in the Sikhin village ...
SYDNEY 1996-08-28
The Númenorians set it on their ships as a token of friendship to Ossë and Uinen
KIRKCALDY , Scotland 1996-08-27
Adrian Warner
Upon assuming control, she led her men in holding off a brutal Orc raid on their camp
After the crossing of the Blue Mountains, the Edain started to use the Sindarin as common tongue; however, from the mingling of Edains ancient languages descended the Adûnaic, the language of Númenor
It said the increase was consistent with the approach followed by other power companies and reflected the company 's new levels of preventative maintenance and equipment upgrading .
11-1
Ajax Amsterdam 1 ( Frank de Boer 30th ) AZ Alkmaar 0 .
Buckland was located east of the Baranduin (Brandywine) river
In heart of their first victory the Witch-kings army marched to the west to find the second place to build upon
10. Michael van der Wolf ( Neths ) Foreldorado all same time .
In "The Mûmakil" adventure pack, the players must use a series of traps to capture wild Mûmakil in order to travel across Harad and find the missing villagers of Kahliels Tribe
- MIDEAST GULF / RED SEA
They proclaim their need of the Solosimpis ships, being their only way to traverse the Sea away from the Great Lands
Waqar Younis not out 0
The Dead are following." The Army of the Dead, also known as the Dead Men of Dunharrow or Oathbreakers, were Men of the White Mountains, cursed to remain in Middle-earth by Isildur after they abandoned their oath to aid him in the War of the Last Alliance
Their descendants, the Lossoth lived there as their ancestors once did, no doubt fishing and hunting creatures in the area for food
Sylvie Florence
Gothmog was a son of Melkor and the ogress Fluithuin and his name was Strife-and-hatred, and he was Captain of the Balrogs and lord of Melkors hosts ere fair Ecthelion slew him at the taking of Gondolin
6. Larbi El Khattabi ( Morocco ) 8:17.29
The Dwarf army arrives and threaten the Elves and Men, and they are about to engage in battle when darkness takes over the sky from the west
1870 - In France , the Second Empire was ended and Napoleon III was deposed after his surrender two days earlier in the Franco-Prussian war .
He also honored Thorins commitments to Bard the Bowman and Bilbo Baggins, giving a fourteenth share of the Mountains treasure to the people of Lake-town, and promising an even greater share to Bilbo, who politely declined to take more than two small chests, filled with silver and gold
The Dwarves explore the great hall and fill their pockets and bags with treasure
By the end of the Third Age, the Sceptre of Annúminas was over 5,000 years old and was the oldest artefact made by Men in Middle-earth
US investors mull appeal of Lloyd 's decision .
These Dwarves formed the rearguard of the eastern host, and allowed the remaining Elves and Men to escape the dragons
Ischinger is the political director of Bonn 's foreign ministry .
From her appearance Caldara might be a noblewoman of Gondor (or one of the fiefdoms) as she wears a tiara on her head
5. Aloys Nizigama ( Burundi ) 27:25.13
4. Brigita Bokovec ( Slovenia ) 12.92
Harwood ( Australia ) , Brenden Pappas ( South Africa ) , Peter
Denethor orders the army of Gondor to flee, but Gandalf knocks him unconscious, taking command of the fleeing soldiers saying, "Prepare for battle!"
Diplomats fear that the crisis could cast doubt over the entire election process , which already appears set to confirm Bosnia 's ethnic partition rather than its reintegration as the Dayton peace agreement had planned .
During this time, peace reigned in Middle-earth and the Elves were invited to live in Valinor and settle outside of Cuiviénen with no evil to fear, and so they began their Great Journey
CYCLING - VAN HEESWIJK WINS TOUR OF NETHERLANDS SECOND STAGE .
They were sent from Valinor to Middle-earth to keep an eye on the exiled Ñoldor, and also upon their foe the evil Vala Morgoth, and later upon Sauron
He attempts to charm Théoden into accepting his offer of peace, but Théoden refuses
They gave specific designs to the Moria Orcs, Uruk-hai and Mordor Orcs so as to give variety to the characters
CYCLING - FERRIGATO SPRINTS TO SECOND STRAIGHT WORLD CUP WIN .
Mark Woodforde ( Australia ) vs. Mark Philippoussis ( Australia )
HELSINKI 1996-08-27
" I get the feeling that everything is done here for the American players and they forget about all the other players , " said Stich , who lost the 1994 Open final to Andre Agassi .
The participation of Bailey and Fredericks had been known before Thursday .
After her husband was killed by Melkor in his attack on Formenos to attain the Silmarils , she returned to her people with her daughter Findis
When Beleriand fell into ruin, many peoples escaped from the destroyed land and with them went their weapons, the longbow being chief among them
Now fearing that the Necromancer is Sauron himself, he went to Dol Guldur where he discovered that the last Dwarf Ring was harvested by Sauron, who was marshaling a secret army commanded by Azog
During one hunt, Legolas and Tauriel come across the Company of Thorin Oakenshield on their journey to the Lonely Mountain
He found the legendary sword Orcrist in a troll-hoard, along with Glamdring
CHICAGO AT ATLANTA
Hideo Nomo allowed a run in seven innings for his fifth win in seven road starts and Greg Gagne capped a three-run fourth with a two-run homer as the Los Angeles Dodgers claimed a 5-1 victory the Montreal Expos on Tuesday .
Eru meant "The One" or "Alone", and the epithet Ilúvatar meant "Father of All" in the Quenya tongue
Brazilian-born Luis Oliveira then gleefully slipped the ball past goalkeeper Rustu Recber from the right of the area to make it 2-0 seven minutes before the interval , Turkey 's best first-half effort proving to be a vicious 30-metre shot by Ogun Temizkanoglu which De Wilde tipped over .
The equivalents of "Heorrenda" in Early Quenya and in Gnomish were respectively "Heruven" and "Herwent"
Sauron laid siege to it but with the arrival of the Númenóreans the besieging force was destroyed
-- Budapest newsroom ( 36 1 ) 266 2410
Lurtz also had the skill of an archer
Lothlórien withers as the protecting powers of Galadriel and her ring Nenya leave for the Undying Lands
He mounted all the riders for whom he had horses and made a gap on the east side of the shield wall for them
Her folk wisdom was exceeded only by her loquacity
The Eastfarthing was a region of the Shire on the borders of Buckland, containing the towns Frogmorton, Brokenborings, and Whitfurrows and the farms of the Marish
Then Beorn himself arrived at the battle, apparently having heard the news that a large army of Orcs was on the move
Arondir and Theo remove the arrow and cauterize the wound, causing Bronwyn to pass out from pain
WASHINGTON 1996-08-23
Silver was present in the deeps of Arda since its creation by Eru
This enabled him to turn his attention to the invading Wainriders
BELGRADE 1996-08-31
"Gondor! Gondor, between the Mountains and the Sea!" "West Wind blew there; the light upon the Silver Tree" "Fell like bright rain in gardens of the Kings of old." "O proud walls! White towers! O wingéd crown and throne of gold!" "O Gondor, Gondor! Shall Men behold the Silver Tree, " "Or West Wind blow again between the Mountains and the Sea?" This was sung by Aragorn on his trip with Legolas and Gimli to find Pippin and Merry
Eglarest was one of the two great walled Havens of the Falas in Beleriand, at the mouth of the river Nenning
The president 's daughter is going into her senior year of high school at Sidwell Friends School , a private school in Washington .
Kenny Dalglish spoke on Thursday of his sadness at leaving Blackburn , the club he led to the English premier league title in 1994-95 .
Hentgen ( 17-7 ) surrendered just three doubles and a pair of singles in tossing his major-league leading ninth complete game .
Women 's javelin
- Princeton Lyman , the U.S. Under-Secretary of State for International Organisations , will on Wednesday continue his work in Angola visiting Bailundo , where he should be received by Jonas Savimbi , leader of Unita .
Hendrik Dreekman ( Germany ) vs. Greg Rusedski ( Britain )
Lebed 's peace mission this month has stopped some of the worst fighting of the 20-month-old conflict .
Cheung was being detained pending formal charges , police said .
After King Turambar defeated the Easterlings on the field in TA 541 avenging his fathers death, Turambar led Gondors armies deep into Rhûn past the Sea of Rhûn
A. Shah c M. Waugh b Hogg 41
It means "a group of stars" or "all the stars in the sky"
It stood in the center of the Ring of Isengard, a great defensive wall built by the early Men of Gondor
Spence , Terry Price ( Australia ) , Juan Carlos Pinero ( Spain ) ,
- King to visit Bahrain soon .
Eurograde barges were offered at $ 207 fob ARA for Amsterdam-Rotterdam barrels , and at $ 206 for full ARA material .
It is also said that the Blue Wizards somehow failed in their mission; this is interpreted several ways, either that like Saruman they set themselves up as lords of men, or that like Radagast they started to care more for the local people they were charged with protecting than Middle-earth as a whole and then refused to return. Tolkien did state that many of the "magic cults" and orders that exist in Asian countries today can trace their origins back to the Blue Wizards teaching local peoples of the east the magical arts
" I 'm not going to speculate about what may or may not happen in that case , " State Department spokesman Glyn Davies said . "
"Entulessë" is Quenya for The Return
It involves the withdrawal of Russian troops sent to Chechnya in December 1994 to crush the separatists and a postponement of the issue at the heart of the conflict -- the status of the mainly-Moslem North Caucasus region .
The three rings were Vilya, Nenya, and Narya
- Speaker of parliament Habib Boulares arrives in Tripoli to represent President Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali at the Libyan revolution anniversary celebrations .
Roberto Carretero ( Spain ) beat Jordi Burillo ( Spain ) 6-3 4-6 6-
After Húrin brought the treasures of Nargothrond to Doriath, Thingol summoned Dwarves of Belegost to Menegroth and invited them to work the treasure into jewelry
Poland - Krzysztof Warzycha ( 46th minute ) , Marcin Mieciel
of Middle-earth in alphabetical order with provided explanations
A 12-year-old Florida boy hanged himself in his backyard just hours before he was due to start at a new school on Monday , police said .
The consortium wanted 40 percent of Ruch 's shares , the state would get 20 percent of Ruch and 40 percent would be offered on the Warsaw stock exchange .
He was related to the Baggins through Peony and was thus a cousin of Frodo Baggins
For a hobbit to declare himself prepared to fight were-worms was a sort of proverbial way of saying that he was ready to do anything
Some Valarin words were adopted by the Elves as part of the growing Quenya lexicon, particularly in Vanyarin, the dialect spoken by the Vanyar
15 - Marc Rosset ( Switzerland vs. Jared Palmer ( U.S. )
Out of the many swords he had forged, Anguirel was one of the black swords he kept for himself, while the other great sword, Anglachel, was given to Thingol, King of Doriath, in the First Age
5. Francesco Casagrande ( Italy )
Finrod loved Amarië, a Vanyarin Elf, who did not follow him to Middle-earth
Weizman and Netanyahu met at the president 's official Jerusalem residence and planned to speak to the media at the end of their talks , the prime minister 's spokesman said .
PRESS DIGEST - GREECE - AUG 28 .
Gascoigne , whose compulsive practical joking has landed him in trouble in the past , tugged down the Inter Milan player 's trousers in front of a group of press photographers .
Yeltsin visits wife Naina in hospital - Interfax .
Arandor is a Quenya name comprised of the roots "aran", meaning royal, and "-dor", meaning land
" One must give B. Yeltsin a chance to rest and recover his health after the elections , " Interfax quoted Yastrezhembsky as saying .
Russia and Norway share the island 's resources under a treaty dating back to the 1920s .
India 's cotton trade was shut on Wednesday for a local religious festival , dealers said .
After this battle, the Easterlings settled in the land and oppressed the people of Hador
McCullough had adopted the boy , who was the grandson of her late husband , shortly after his birth but neighbours said they often had loud arguments .
The dome was covered with silver but was soon blackened by the smoke of ritualic rites
Pincup was a village located in Green-hill country in the Southfarthing of the Shire
Melian wanted to know the cause of the exile of the Ñoldor
The most uncalled for occupation was the bossing of other men
But as Gondors power waned, Easterlings came into the area around the Sea of Rhûn and launched attacks on Gondor
44. Bulgaria 7.73
Australia scored 228 for nine wickets in their 50 overs against Sri Lanka in the third day-night limited overs match of the Singer World Series tournament on Friday .
He lived in his hole until the wizard Gandalf entered his calm world, and then thirteen dwarves who were able to persuade the hobbit to go on a dangerous journey with them
was shot in the head in 1981 by gunman John Hinckley , who tried to kill Reagan in a deranged bid to impress Jodie Foster , an actress he never met but with whom he was obsessed .
"Tar-Míriel" is Quenya for "High-Jewel-daughter", from the word "mír" ("jewel")
BERLIN 1996-08-30
" To be a great coach you have to have the right horses and I got the right horses , " said King .
The player suffered severe head injuries in a near-fatal car crash the following year and has since struggled to regain the form that made him a hero in Turin .
Weaver shot to prominence in 1994 when he won the English 2,000 Guineas on Mister Baileys in his first ride in a classic .
Students backed by opposition parties battled police and burned an effigy of Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina during a strike in the north Bangladeshi town of Bogra on Sunday .
A lefthander with a strong serve , Nestor kept the rallies short by constantly attacking the net and the tactic worked in the second-round match against Muster , playing his first match after receiving a first-round bye along with the other top eight seeds .
Hill ( 14-7 ) allowed 10 hits .
BALTIMORE AT SEATTLE
When the dead had gone, the men of southern Gondor joined Aragorn in the ships and sailed to the aid of Minas Tirith
The shot brought home Ivan Rodriguez , who had his second double of the game , giving him 42 this season , 41 as a catcher .
SOCCER - CHAMPIONS PORTO KICK OFF SEASON WITH A DRAW .
Ethiopia and Uganda drew 1-1
The Two Trees represent the recurrent gold and silver concept of the legendarium
His original name is said to have been Laurefindil, Quenya for "Golden-haired" from "laurë" ("golden") and "findilë" ("head of hair")
That began The Years of the Sun, and Men awoke at the first rising of the first Sun
Feugill said he made the hot , heavy suit , which he first used in the Marines , by attaching strips of burlap to a camouflage outfit .
Looming in Sampras 's future is a likely third-round date with recent nemesis Mark Philippoussis , the rising Australian who took out Sampras in the third round of the Australian Open in January .
- - - -
1964 - The Forth Road Bridge in Scotland , measuring 6156 ft , and with a centre span of 3300 ft , was opened by Her Majesty the Queen .
" ...For the sake of safety we are asking for their family members or the authorities to come and pick them up , " Kurdistan Workers Party ( PKK ) central committee member Riza Altun told journalists near the Iraqi city of Dohuk .
The blue-chip CAC-40 index ended 2.43 points or 0.12 percent lower at 2,017.99 points after a brief foray into positive territory when the New York stock market opened higher .
ABIDJAN 1996-08-29
Heinz-Harald Frentzen ( Germany ) Sauber
The "Rhudaurians" (S."Rhudaurim") were the inhabitants of the fallen Kingdom of Rhudaur, in the closer sense those of Númenórean blood, the Haeranedain, in a wider sense all those Eriadorian tribes living inside the borders of Rhudaur including: The Haeranedain were a bit smaller and darker than the high Dúnedain, although 6 ft for men was not uncommon
Martinez begins play against Ruxandra Dragomir of Romania .
In common with other High-elven swords, Glamdring was like Orcrist and Sting in that "being the work of Elvish smiths in the Elder Days these swords shone with a cold light, if any Orcs were near at hand," and so it warned its bearers of nearby evil
Their second son, Gimilkhâd, opposed his elder brothers policies and continued practising the beliefs of the Kings Men in secret
Faramir and Éowyn walked together in the gardens nearly every day, and he learned from Merry Brandybuck of Éowyns despair of feeling trapped, waiting on the waning of Théoden, and of Aragorns rejection of her love
Being a ranger of Gondor for most of his life, Talion is a skilled swordsman and archer
Turch tells the heroes that he is grateful that his sons death has been avenged, but to allow the heroes safe passage through his lands they must complete the trials and bring him back the crown
Seles easily won both her singles matches and King is counting on the co-world number one to lead the team again .
Foster , a .333 hitter , helped his own cause in the second with a two-run single .
Last May dozens of demonstrators and police were injured in violent clashes around the Gorleben nuclear waste depot as hundreds of protesters tried to block a delivery of waste by train and truck .
Consultations should be held to set the time and format of the talks , the official Xinhua news agency quoted Tang Shubei , executive vice chairman of the Association for Relations Across the Taiwan Straits , as saying late on Wednesday .
This island existed through most of the Second Age, but was destroyed as a result of the pride of the Númenórean people in defying the Ban of the Valar and sailing to Aman in the west
Thingol sent Beleg with force of Sindar to aid the Haladin, and the two peoples ambushed and destroyed an orc-legion in the deeps of the forest
3. Malgorzata Rydz ( Poland ) 2:39.00
His weapon is a spectral sword and shield
The PSA said 80 percent of the country 's 180,000 civil servants took part in the strike which is a rare challenge to President Robert Mugabe , who has been in power since independence from Britain in 1980 .
The poll , taken on Sunday and Monday as the president engaged in a whistle-stop train trip to the Democratic Convention in Chicago , put Clinton at 51 percent , Dole at 36 percent and Ross Perot of the Reform Party at 8 percent .
concept of J.R.R. Tolkien as an "editor" of original documents) would have to be choosing a real-world analog as an translation from the original Westron text
Bowling : S. Waugh 5-1-36-1 , Law 2-0-23-0 , McGrath 9.5-0-44-1 ,
It shortly appears when Aragorn, Legolas and Gimli met Éomer and his Éored
One official told me ' you have to either destroy the books or return them to Amman ' , " Daoud Makkawi , owner of the Nablus-based al-Risala bookshop , told Reuters .
Two Russian-built hovercrafts , capable of carrying up to 50 tons each , will begin ferrying passengers and cargo up and down the huge river from its mouth at Belem by the end of the year , Brazil 's Amazon Affairs Department said in a statement .
de Nooijer 80th ) .
A small force of Easterlings and Haradrim ambushed the Armies of the West as they were marching to the Black Gate
Of the Silmarils and the Unrest of the Noldor ia the seventh chapter of the Quenta Silmarillion which is the third part of J.R.R. Tolkiens "The Silmarillion"
The Valar fled the razing to the newly formed continent of Aman and built Valinor, while Melkor reigned unchecked in the new continent of Middle-earth, where he corrupted the surviving beasts
301 Brad Bryant 73 72 77 79
Iran has asked Germany to extradite its former president Abolhassan Banisadr for alleged hijacking , an Iranian embassy spokesman said on Wednesday .
Gandalfs horse Shadowfax came from the Mearas, making him a descendant of Felaróf himself
In fact, they were so impressed by the Elvish runes (the Cirth of Daeron) for writing Sindarin that they adopted them for use in their own tongue, and used them forever more
On his New Zealand leg from August 29 , Tsang will meet Prime Minister Jim Bolger , Deputy Prime Minister Don McKinnon and Minister of Finance Bill Birch .
At Portsmouth : Middlesex 199 in 60 overs ( K. Brown 57 ;
Lisa Raymond ( U.S. ) beat Lori McNeil ( U.S. ) 7-6 ( 8-6 ) 6-3
Originally the citys walls glowed with pale moonlight, but under the control of the Ringwraiths it became a city of horror, where the minds of living men would run to madness if they remained too long
But they soon discovered that, due to the wicked deeds they had performed in recovering the jewels, first among them the three Kinslayings, they could not hold the Silmarils without suffering terrible pain
3. William Tanui ( Kenya ) 3:33.36
Zinzan Brooke , the only No 8 in test rugby to have scored a dropped goal when he kicked a three-pointer against England during last year 's World Cup , added a second to his name yesterday .
Melkor and Ungoliant then went to Formenos, where Melkor slew Finwë and ransacked the vault, taking the Silmarils and many other treasures
PARIS 1996-08-26
Nolondil means "Devoted to knowledge" in Quenya from "ñólë" ("lore, knowledge") and "-ndil" ("friend, lover, devoted to")
The wargs had been travelling to meet a band of goblins in order to carry out a raid on the homes of Woodmen nearby, and were surprised at the company of Dwarves coming upon their meeting-place
( C. White 181 , R. Blakey 109 not out , M. Moxon 66 , M. Vaughan 57 ) .
However, he hated Hurins offspring and the bowman Beleg
Sensing victory, Sauron reaches for Isildur to finish him off, but the Man, unbowed, manages to use the hilt of Narsil and what remained of its broken blade to cut the One Ring from Saurons hand
In a statement on Wednesday , the Four Nations TV Committee said dates had been set for a competition involving Scotland , Wales , Ireland and France next year .
Far larger and fiercer than their fellow goblins, the Goblin Guard are the largest and most vicious goblins of the Misty Mountains
During the Second Age the ships of the Númenóreans first came to the Gulf of Lune to visit the Ñoldor and Sindar under Gil-galad who remained behind, and the great fleet led by Ciryatur sailed up the Gulf to relieve the Grey Havens during the War of the Elves and Sauron
There also are about 5,000 Thai inmates in Klongprem , a prison official said .
Russian President Boris Yeltsin began a new summer holiday on Monday but would remain in control of affairs of state , Interfax news agency said .
Wary of the Men who came out of the west, they came to fear and hate them
Mamatuyev joked that his sister Lisa was a rebel too , and she responded by grabbing hold of his gun and shouting the Chechen war cry " Allahu Akhbar " ( God is Greatest ) and " Freedom for Chechnya ! "
The state of health of Boris Yeltsin , who had two heart attacks last year , has been the centre of media and market speculation after he won a second term in office in the July 3 election run-off and all but disappeared from the public eye .
At least 50 Russian servicemen have been killed in a battle with separatist rebels which erupted in the Chechen capital Grozny on Thursday and continued after Russia and the rebels agreed a truce , Interfax news agency said .
Pescara 's Ottavio Palladini shattered Parma with goals in the second and fourth minutes .
When the world is old and the Powers have grown weary, Morgoth, the Black Foe of the World, seeing that the guard sleepeth, shall come back through the Door of the Night out of the Timeless Void; and all shall be darkness, for the sun he will turn to black, and the moon will no longer shed his light.
CALIFORNIA AT BALTIMORE
Fire and Water is the first soundtrack of
Saurons lies convinced Ar-Pharazôn that he could achieve power in the Undying Lands
Qualifier vs. 10 - Marcelo Rios ( Chile )
Bohdan Ulihrach ( Czech Republic ) vs. 14 - Alberto Costa
Improvising, Bard attaches his bowstring to the ruined tower’s posts and, using his son as a stand, fires the arrow into the weak spot on the dragon’s chest, puncturing his exposed skin and piercing his heart
Washington would also take " prompt and effective law enforcement action " against alien smuggling and hijackings from Cuba , it added .
Its purpose was to take the One Ring to Mordor so that it might be cast into the fires of Mount Doom, the mountain in which it was forged, so that it would be destroyed and ultimately eradicate the Dark Lord Sauron
PRESS DIGEST - Jordan - Aug 25 .
Buyoya on Saturday dismissed its threat of an arms embargo against Burundi and flatly ruled out talks with Hutu rebels .
However, in a later note J.R.R. Tolkien said that the name is in the language of the Men of the Vales of Anduin, and that its meaning is not interpretable
TORONTO 1996-08-24
Many years later it was given by Bilbo to his nephew Frodo Baggins as Frodo set out on his quest to Mount Doom to destroy the One Ring
Born as Vinyarion, his father Aldamir was slain in a war with the Haradrim in TA 1540 and Vinyarion wished to avenge his death
Prime Minister Alain Juppe on Tuesday hailed handicapped athletes who took part in Atlanta 's Paralympic Games as an example for gloom-stricken France .
S. Law c Tillekeratne b Dharmasena 13
RTRS - Tennis - Muster upset , Philippoussis wins , Stoltenberg loses .
After Thorin and Thranduil hear a rumbling noise below the battlefield, several Were-worms suddenly burst through the ground near the hills surrounding Erebor, only to disappear again soon after
China says militant Japan must face war past .
The exiled National Democratic Alliance , a Sudanese umbrella opposition group , has its headquarters in the Eritrean capital Asmara .
Anguirel was one of the two swords forged by Eöl from an iron meteorite
After the destruction of the Two Lamps, the Western Sea and the Eastern Sea were formed, along with the Sea of Helcar and the Sea of Ringil
However, the Elves were utterly defeated and condemned to fade, and groups of evil Men invaded Leithian
Sandrine Testud ( France ) beat Pam Shriver ( U.S. ) 7-5 6-2
Azog later feeds Yazneg to the Wargs at the Orc camp at Weathertop
The Haradrim used bows; far superior to Orc bows, they could deal some heavy damage to enemy units, even ones on horseback
At last, aided by the treachery of Maeglin, Morgoth discovered the location of Gondolin, and Turgon was slain defending the city
Kurds clash again in Iraq , dozens reported dead .
TORONTO 61 69 .469 14
SOCCER - AUSTRIA FIRST DIVISION RESULTS / STANDINGS .
Dís was a Dwarf woman of Durins Folk
He shared victory with Matthew Pinsent in the coxless pairs at the Atlanta Games and said at the time that would be his last shot .
+11 Steve Schneiter 77 74 ) through 18 )
SOCCER - ROMANIA BEAT LITHUANIA IN UNDER-21 MATCH .
He was aware that the One Ring was somewhat close to the vicinity of his territory, but he did not know that the Hobbit Frodo Baggins and his companion Samwise Gamgee had entered Mordor via the pass of Cirith Ungol with the intention of destroying the Ring
After its fall Númenor was called Atalantë, meaning "the Downfallen", in Quenya
NEW YORK 1996-08-26
Minohtar and his men conducted a fighting retreat, but were ultimately overwhelmed at the entrance to Ithilien
The former football star was found not guilty by a criminal trial jury last October of the murders of his former wife , Nicole Brown Simpson , and her friend , Ronald Goldman , in June 1994 .
A completely new and different mandate will be agreed for next year , " Ruehe said .
" I just kept saying to myself , ' keep giving yourself the best chance to win , keep battling , maybe something will happen , ' " said the 26-year-old O'Brien , ranked 65th .
On August 15 , computer software retailer Softbank said it would buy 80 percent of Kingston , the world 's largest maker of memory boards , for about $ 1.5 billion in the latest in a series of high-profile acquisitions it has made in the United States .
He hewed a path through the Dunlendings and reached Théodred a second too late, as he was struck down by an Orc
As trading people, the Men of Lake-town knew the Common Speech, Westron
However in the evil campaign, Sauron regains the One Ring
In the dead of night after months of planning the Dourhands and Blue-crags launched a surprise assault on the walls
Isenmouthe is a Sindarin word Carach Angren both mean "Iron Jaws." Khamûl was one of the nine Ringwraiths second to the Witch-king, in Middle-earth
Le Havre 1 ( Samson 24th ) Caen 1 ( Etienne Mendy 4th ) .
When he led the bulk of his army to besiege Minas Tirith, the Witch-king left some reserves in Osgiliath
The mud plays host to a battle between good and evil, with the free races (Hobbit, Sindar, Silvan Elf, Dwarf, Edain, Dunlending, Dúnedain, and Eorling) generally contesting against the minions of Sauron (Uruk-hai, Easterling, Númenórean, Haradrim, and Variag), although members of the free races may choose to betray their heritage
Scorers : Zoran Kundic ( 28th ) , Klimis Alexandrou ( 41st ) ,
Almaren is a Quenya name that meant blessed place
Lewis wanted to try to produce a best-selling book like J.R.R. Tolkien, his close friend
Inzamam-ul-Haq c Hussain b Mullally 35
Lugano 9 1 4 4 6 15 7
1812 - Russian army under General Kutuzov was defeated at heavy cost by Napoleon at the battle of Borodino 70 miles west of Moscow .
When Gandalf, Frodo Baggins, Sam Gamgee, Merry Brandybuck, and Pippin Took were traveling through Dunland on their way back towards the Shire, the Dunlendings in that area hid from them
However, when he saw the approaching ships from a hill, he decided to send Tal-Elmar as a scout
However, Thorin, overcome by the gold sickness, refused, sending Bard away
India blocked the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty ( CTBT ) at the Conference on Disarmament in Geneva , saying the pact did not contain a clause committing the five declared nuclear powers to a timetable for nuclear disarmament .
3. Jans Koerts ( Netherlands ) Palmans
Chester 3 1 1 1 4 3 4
HONG KONG 1996-08-23
It is the Welsh language that J.R.R. Tolkien took inspiration for the language Sindarin (particularly its phonology, consonant mutations, and word-order), the common language of the Elves of Middle-earth
In the version of the Lego game made for iPad, iPhone and iPod technology Gandalf the White and Saruman have the same staves they have in the film rather than being equipped with their Lego counterparts
CARLSBAD , California 1996-08-21
William VanLandingham pitched eight scoreless innings and Glenallen Hill drove in the game 's only run with a first-inning single as the San Francisco Giants claimed a 1-0 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Monday .
JYVASKYLA , Finland 1996-08-26
Ohtar did so and took the shards to Rivendell, where they passed to the next king, Isildurs son, Valandil
Flói was a Dwarf of Durins Folk
Zimbabwe on Monday :
They were fashioned by Melko in the likeness of the Fairies, and these deceived and betrayed Men
Guldimann , who helped broker an earlier truce in May , was not taking part in the Tikhomirov-Maskhadov talks .
"Ambarona "- Combination of Quenya words meaning Worlds-birth used by Treebeard the Ent
Araman "and "Arvalin" shared slightly similar definitions: close to Aman and beside Valinor
The Noldoli craft many gems and precious stones there, and adorn the facades of the city with them
The release date was also delayed to 2006
"Denethor" had been the name of the tenth Ruling Steward of Gondor, who, in turn, was named after a king of the Nandorin Elves
U.S. plans rely heavily on U.S. air attacks on Iraqi forces , but there are also 23,000 U.S. troops in the region , according to defense officials .
Real looked to be in deep trouble shortly after the break when Luis Milla was sent off for committing two bookable offences in as many minutes .
In order to do so, he forges an alliance with Smaug, who will hold the Iron Hills Dwarves and the Men and Elves of Rhovanion at bay to secure Angmars flank
During the Dagor-nuin-Giliath, an army of Morgoths orcs was waylaided by Celegorm, who drove them to the Fens of Serech
Some five years passed, with Óin at some point re-joining Balin, before the Moria Orcs attacked
Roberto Bisconti will be sidelined for six Euro ties after pushing the referee in the back as he protested about a Karlsruhe goal , while Didier Ernst was banned for four matches for a verbal attack soon after Bisconti was also dismissed .
Jesper Parnevik of Sweden fired a course record-tying eight-under-par 63 Saturday to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the $ 1.2 million Greater Milwaukee Open .
News-stand chain Ruch , which controls about 65 percent of Poland 's press distribution market , had a net profit of 16.2 million zlotys on sales of 2.7 billion zlotys in 1995 .
It plays as Gothmog and the vast Orc army of Mordor besiege Minas Tirith
Harnen is a Sindarin word that meant "South-water"
The plane smashed into a snow-capped mountain on the Arctic island of Spitzbergen on Thursday , just east of Longyear .
Quenya descended directly from "Ancient Quenya", which developed from an earlier language called Common Eldarin
The Arkenstone or Heart of the Mountain was a wondrous gem sought by Thorin Oakenshield which had been discovered beneath the Lonely Mountain during the reign of Thráin I, and then shaped by the Dwarves
The United States beat El Salvador 3-1 ( halftime 1-0 ) in an international soccer friendly on Friday .
Before the founding of Rohan the Mering Stream was the border between the provinces of Calenardhon and Anórien
This song claims the origin of mithril to be when an Elf-warrior and a Balrog fought over a certain tree in the Misty Mountains that contained the light of the last Silmaril
Almost all Sindarin words form their plurals like English man/men and goose/geese — by changing the vowels in the word
The Witch-king first appears in an introductory scene voiced over by Gandalfs description of him, and is later seen by Frodo, Sam and Gollum leaving Minas Morgul with a massive army
For example, one could say "They have seen it." in Quenya in a single word, namely "Ecénientes". Tolkien wrote much more material about Quenya and his other languages than he published in his lifetime
While it is never explicitly stated where the mithril shirt originally came from, in the extended edition, Gandalf tells the Fellowship that Bilbo had a set of mithril rings given to him by Thorin
Ufedhin murders Bodruith, the Lord of Belegost who was in hiding with Naugladur, and flees
SOCCER - BELGIUM SCRAPE PAST TURKEY DESPITE CROWD TROUBLE .
" What this means in practice is that Hong Kong will go on raising its own taxes , issuing its own currency , setting its own expenditure priorities and managing its own enormous financial reserves , " Tsang said .
" I ca n't remember when I 've putted this well , " said Parnevik . "
Melkor was the first to learn of the Awakening of the Elves
Finrod was one of the noblest Elves of the House of Finarfin and a friend of Men
Bard was told this by an ancient thrush that overheard Bilbo relating this information to the Dwarves, enabling him to defeat Smaug by shooting his Black Arrow into the bare patch
Former world 800 champion Mutola pushed Masterkova all the way , finishing second in 2:29.66 .
The One Ring remained in the Gladden Fields until Déagol found it in TA 2463
Nazgûl, Wraiths, Barrow-wights, and The Army of the Dead are some common types of Undead found in the game
The following table gives pronunciation for each letter or cluster in international phonetic script and examples: Vowels Consonants (differing from English) Most samples of the Elvish language are written out with the Latin alphabet, but the languages were written using Tengwar, or occasionally carved in Cirth
The Wainriders were beginning to recover from their defeat at Dagorlad and were apparently not completely driven out by the rebellion in Rhovanion, and now in TA 1944 they made an alliance with Khand and Harad to attack Gondor from both north and south
Soon afterwards, Jagais village was attacked by the Easterlings of the Vanishing Sons mercenary company, who killed Jagais parents and most of the villagers, but took Jagai and two other children
Legal challenge to Diana delayed by jail term .
At issue was a May 20 agreement allowing Iraq to sell $ 2 billion worth of oil to purchase badly needed food , medicine and other supplies to ease the impact of sanctions in force since its troops invaded Kuwait in August 1990 .
" I was n't happy when I saw the draw .
Poland revived diplomatic ties at ambassadorial level with Yugoslavia in April but economic links are almost moribund , despite the end of a three-year U.N. trade embargo imposed to punish Belgrade for its support of Bosnian Serbs .
His name in both languages means "Jewel Gatherer", perhaps implying a greedy nature
Frodo remained content at Bag End until Gandalf returned and confirmed that Bilbos Ring was actually the One Ring
AMSTERDAM 1996-08-22
By the time of the War of the Ring all the land south of the river Poros was under the influence of the Haradrim and they sent large forces to aid in the Siege of Gondor
" These charges are the interpretation of the church , " Garang said on Tuesday . "
The Palantíri is the third chapter of Part Four of "Unfinished Tales"
SOCCER - WALES BEAT SAN MARINO IN WORLD CUP QUALIFIER .
In Mission 4, Gorkil and his Goblin Army prepares to attack the mighty city of Fornost
Minalcars victory marked the end of the Second Easterling War, putting an end to any further attacks by the Easterlings on Gondor and the principalities of Rhovanion, as well as their influence on its people
After questioning the heroes of where they got it, Turch orders his men to lower there spears and bind the heroes to be taken as prisoners
Nevertheless, a force of Orcs and Easterlings marched on Wilderland again, attacking the Woodland Realm and Erebor during the Battle of Dale, but was defeated shortly before the War of the Ring ended
A few days later, Saurons army and its siege-towers are seen crossing through the city over repaired bridges
" We have suspicions of a rape , but the police still have to find the victim , " Gajdos added .
The Ulumúri were the great horns of the Vala Ulmo, the Lord of Waters
Duran , whose 97-12 record spans three decades , hopes a win in the 10-round bout will earn him a rematch against Puerto Rico 's Hector " Macho " Camacho .
"Elen, Eleni, Elenion" - Quenya word for Star (Elenion is the collective plural)
But none named those guilty of ordering or carrying out any of the gross violations of human rights which Tutu is investigating .
Bill Berkrot
" I do n't normally do this but can you please sign , " he said thrusting an ornate white book in front of Americans Harrison Dillard ( 1948 ) , Lindy Remigino ( 1952 ) , Jim Hines ( 1968 ) , Trinidad 's Hasely Crawford ( 1976 ) and Britain 's Allan Wells ( 1980 ) .
Mushtaq Ahmed 195 52 447 17 26.29
As the main part of the army of Gondor met the enemy in battle, Gondors cavalry set out from the hills to strike the rear of the army of Angmar
Forecasts were for deficits of 900 million sterling and 1.4 billion sterling .
Iliescu has invited political leaders to a meeting on Thursday to discuss the final form of the pact which both Romanian and Hungarian nationalists oppose for different reasons .
10. Corser 38:42.015
The Kin-strife was a disastrous decades-long civil war in Gondor during the Third Age
Lastly, the root of Isilmos name is the Sindarin word for "moon" (just as Isildur, the founder of Minas Ithil) whereas the livery of Minas Morgul was described as that of a "moon disfigured with a ghastly face of death." Portrayal in adaptations
Britain by Richard Hannon .
Dagor Dagorath (prophesized) — length unknown "Beginning unknown" Major Battles
IRAQ
The Pelóri were originally created after the destruction of Almaren and the Two Lamps to hide and protect Valinor from any further attacks by Melkor
Hurricane Edouard grew stronger on Saturday as it swirled across the Atlantic Ocean , but forecasters at the National Hurricane Center said the storm would likely swing north and miss the Caribbean .
BUDAPEST 1996-08-21
Eorl was deeply grateful for the Gift of Cirion, whom he admired as the wisest of all men then in Middle-earth
CRICKET - AUSTRALIA WIN TOSS AND CHOOSE TO BAT .
He then related a few recollections of preparing camp, and remarks about the war
His flight, which began the First Age of Middle-earth, led to great grief for the Elves, beginning with the Kinslaying at Alqualondë, and eventually for the Men of Middle-earth
The Arkenstone does not appear in the 1977 Rankin/Bass animated "The Hobbit" adaptation
Teravainen ( U.S. ) , Jean Van de Velde ( France ) , Oyvind Rojahn
He presided over a noble house of valiant warriors loyal to the realm and the King, but had character flaws
Presumably, as they do not appear in any of the tales, they lived far to the east where they were paired with the Stiffbeards
Tsang , the third senior figure in the government after the governor and chief secretary , said his stated aim was to serve as financial secretary for two years under British rule and three years under China .
It is also the name of a family of 60-70 plants found globally, used as a food source and in ornamental gardens
Peiris , 32 , of Perth , was sentenced in the Western Australian District Court to two years in jail for fraud after trading three pairs of impostor birds for 21 parrots worth a total of A$ 28,000 .
No replacements had been named .
Following the disastrous Kin-strife, the sons of Castamir the Usurper arrived there with many men and most of the fleet of Gondor
After making landfall on the east bank of the Anduin, the Númenórean cavalry rides to Tirharad and vanquishes the contingent of Adars army there, while Míriel and her personal guard observe from a distance
The name Celebrindor is Sindarin; likely meaning silver lord or silverlike lord
Rudolf Gajdos , head of Slovak Interpol , told a news conference Dutroux was also believed to have planned the kidnapping of at least one Slovak woman .
The dragons of the Second Age and Third Age were a blight upon the Dwarves and all those who hoarded treasure
After the death of the dragon Smaug, Thranduil supported Bard the Bowmans claim of a share of the treasure the Dwarves recovered from the Lonely Mountain, since Bard was a descendant of Lord Girion of Dale, and the treasure of that town had been taken by Smaug to the Lonely Mountain
But these concerns were irrelevant , a Singapore trader said , despite a forecast that domestic Chinese copper demand could hit one million tonnes this year .
JOHANNESBURG 1996-08-24
Malaysia has banned the use of nitrofuran , an antibiotic , in chicken feed and veterinary applications because it believes the drug could cause cancer , the health ministry said on Thursday .
NEW YORK 1996-08-30
-- Africans seeking to renew or obtain work and residence rights say Prime Minister Alain Juppe 's proposals are insufficient as hunger strike enters 49th day in Paris church and Wednesday rally attracts 8,000 sympathisers .
Norway rules the island group under the terms of a 1920s international treaty which gave many other nations the right to establish setttlements and exploit the coal that is still mined there .
Anti-Bhutto rally draws about 8,000 in Karachi .
Gandalf (literally translated as "magic-elf") is also the name of one of the dvergar, though Gandalf himself is modeled after the god Odin
Moura , who appeared to have elbowed Cyprien in the final minutes of the 3-0 win by Neuchatel , was suspended for seven matches and fined 1,000 francs ( $ 840 ) by the Swiss league disciplinary committee .
Draw for the women 's 1997 Fed Cup team tennis championships , as conducted at the U.S. Open on Saturday :
7. Tanya Dubnicoff ( Canada ) 36.307
Moria is depicted in the video games ", "(Good campaign only)", " ", , The Lord of the Rings Online",and "." Rogash was a troll that joined the Witch-king of Angmar in the conquest of Arnor, believing in promises of unification between the warring Snow Trolls and Hill-trolls
Their fate is unknown, but they likely shared Saurons defeat at the hands of the Last Alliance of Elves and Men
In "The Peoples of Middle-earth", when arriving in Middle-earth, Fëanor had roused his sons to burn the ships
Saurons forces surrounded the Army of the West entirely, circling around them to prevent any escape
Larry Fine
D. Lehmann st Kaluwitharana b Chandana 2
Eventually, Dunlendings took over control of Isengard, having mingled over the centuries with the traditional wardens of Gondor and their families
Bakshi later remarked that the film could "make some money" to save his studio after his previous film, "Coonskin", failed commercially
The hall was delved and built by the Dwarves at an unknown time, possibly between TA 1999 and TA 2770 when the Dwarves of Durins Folk ruled there
India - Sachin Tendulkar ( captain ) , Anil Kumble , Ajay Jadeja , Sourav Ganguly , Mohamed Azharuddin , Vinod Kambli , Rahul Dravid , Nayan Mongia , Javagal Srinath , Venkatesh Prasad , Ashish Kapoor .
- Shimon Peres to Morocco , will stay at king 's private residence .
Though inherently cautious, his army was key to victory in the Battle of Five Armies and he defended his realm against the forces of Sauron in the War of the Ring
In the "The Shaping of Middle Earth", "Mîm the Dwarf" is just a byline he was a random dwarf (though the first dwarf to be mentioned by name in the early histories) who had taken possession Glaurungs gold after the dragon had been killed along with other Dwarves of his kind
He is portrayed by Phil Grieve
PARIS 1996-08-26
" America wants to block the establishment of a strong Islamic government in Afghanistan and the U.S. intends to neutralise the Afghan peace process initiated by the Afghans themselves , " said the spokesman , Hamid Ibrahimi .
The Ring-bearer, Frodo Baggins, set out for Rivendell, where it was decided that the One Ring must be destroyed once and for all and it can only be unmade in the fiery depths of Mount Doom where it was forged
Prior to publication, an exhibition of Tolkiens drawings was held at the Ashmolean Museum
The name "Celebrían" means "Silver queen", from the Sindarin words "celeb" ("silver") and "rían" ("queen")
They renewed their call for the resignation of Home ( Interior ) Minister Rafiqul Islam .
When he comes back from the dead, he and Galadriel acknowledge that Sauron has once again, returned
The Dwarves and Elves from Belegost and Nogrod return in force and invade Doriath
After his defeat, the Black Gate lie in ruins and allow passage into Mordor
1948 - Wilhelmina , Queen of the Netherlands from 1890 and throughout World Wars One and Two abdicated in favour of her daughter Juliana .
When they departed Minas Tirith, Legolas, Gimli and Peregrin Took rode with them, thus giving each of the Free Peoples of Middle-earth a representative in the upcoming fight
The TWA jet exploded in a deadly fireball last month , killing 230 people , crashing in the Atlantic Ocean at least 80 miles from where the debris was found Wednesday .
Australian Tom Moody took six for 82 but Chris Adams , 123 , and Tim O'Gorman , 109 , took Derbyshire to 471 and a first innings lead of 233 .
Saskatchewan Pork International Marketing Group has an export monopoly but some Saskatchewan farmers earlier this month called for an open market in hogs .
TULF leader M. Sivasiththamparam says it is meaningless to talk to UNP about peace package and that the government should submit peace plan to parliament very soon .
NEW YORK 1996-08-27
The name Ringil may have come from the Quenya "ringa" ("damp, cold, chilly") or "ringi" ("cold")
R. Croft c Ijaz Ahmed b Wasim Akram 6
By the beginning of "The Lord of the Rings", Bilbo adopted his cousin (and nephew) Frodo as his heir
Though he fought valiantly, he was eventually overcome and killed
We do not want a war , God forbid .
Oromendil means "Devoted to Oromë" in Quenya (from -dil = "friend, lover, devoted to")
As the Ainur gaze out on this preview, Melkor sees now in detail how even his most private ideas and themes, even his most disruptive and destructive efforts, in the end serve only to fully elaborate Ilúvatar’s master plan, design, theme and will
( Ferhaoui 4th , Lefevre 13th ) .
Csepel 1 Videoton(* ) 1
Berens deeds inspired all the peoples opposing Morgoth to unite themselves into a greater force to vanquish his power, resulting in the valiant but doomed Union of Maedhros
Boromir successfully recaptured Ithilien from elements of Saurons army headquartered at Minas Morgul after their invasion of Gondor in TA 2475. He was considered such a mighty captain and warrior that even the Witch-king feared him, but the retaking of Ithilien by the Men of Gondor under Boromirs command ultimately proved to be a pyrrhic victory for three reasons: First, the land of Ithilien remained largely depopulated due to its close proximity to Minas Morgul and the threat it posed
Kine is an archaic English word, meaning "cattle." As Tolkien was deeply fluent in Old English, Welsh, and Scottish, he would have used the term rather than a more modern one to better suit the medieval feel of the "Lord of the Rings." Likewise, "Araw" is the Sindarin form of Oromë, which is a term from Quenya
0 Nick Faldo ( Britain ) through 5
5. Fujiwara 38:33.595
Representatives from Armenia and Azerbaijan held talks earlier this week in Germany on bringing a lasting peace to the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh region , a diplomatic source close to the talks said on Friday .
Elvish words for the Eagles were Sindarin "thoron" or "thorn" and the Quenya "soron"
Varin is a Dwarf that appears in Sierra Entertainments "" real-time strategy game, as one of the instructors sent by Gandalf in the free peoples tutorial (The other being the elf Belenthrod)
Rohrabacher was expected to visit neutral faction leaders in the eastern city of Jalalabad and meet leaders of the rebel Islamic Taleban militia in the southern city of Kandahar .
These men became known as the "Corsairs of Umbar", and within two centuries became a major threat to Gondor
Rubin was widely hailed as the architect of the dollar 's comeback , using skills and expertise gained in 26 years on Wall Street , part of which were spent as co-chairman of Goldman , Sachs and Co .
GENEVA 1996-08-27
BEIJING 1996-08-28
Additionally, the victory was made even more bitter by the loss of the Silmarils
-- Juan Guillermo Londono , Bogota newsroom , 571 610 7944
Opposition Boutros Harb scoring high in preliminary results and former prime minister Omar Karame moves backwards .
An aid agency said six Roman Catholic missionaries , including three Australian nuns , were freed by rebels in southern Sudan on Wednesday after being held for nearly two weeks .
Suladân was said to be a keen archer in the southern lands
On Saturday investigators with dogs trained to find bodies searched one house at Ransart and one at Mont-sur-Marchienne -- both suburbs of the southern city of Charleroi .
Hazad was the youngest son of Buldar, a warrior of the town of Agar, and Elmar, a woman of the "Fell Folk of the East"
Black Speech could be understood by anyone who wore the One Ring
7. Irina Privalova ( Russia ) 11.27
Half of the Dwarves are put onto the spit to be cooked over the fire, while the others, including Thorin, along with Bilbo, are left on the ground in their sacks
LIMERICK , Ireland 1996-08-29
Brithon was a Sindarin word that meant gravel or pebbly
Representatives of the five nations making up the committee -- Israel , Lebanon , Syria , France and the United States -- will meet at 11 a.m. ( 0800 GMT ) in Naqoura , the coastal headquarters of the U.N. Interim Force in Lebanon ( UNIFIL ) .
He is extremely sadistic, showing no qualms about massacring the Men of the Lake-town and even relishing Kílis death
The city was decorated with pearls which the Teleri found in the seas, and jewels which they obtained from the Ñoldor
Hove : Sussex 363 ( W. Athey 111 , V. Drakes 52 ; I. Austin 4-37 ) , Lancashire 197-8 ( W. Hegg 54 )
SAN DIEGO AT MONTREAL
Éomers sword was called "Gúthwinë" (Old English for "battle-friend")
Later, however, a new plot element was introduced: Galadriels gift of a green stone, and Tolkien reverted the usage to Elfstone in order to make an additional connection
PRETORIA 1996-08-27
Silmariën also possibly commissioned the creation of other precious heirlooms to survive into the Fourth Age: the silver rod of Andúnië, which after the Downfall became the Sceptre of Annúminas and the Star of Elendil, which became the tokens of royalty in Arnor
People who use these weapons are called "archers" or" bowmen"
1. Australia ( Darryn Hill , Shane Kelly , Gary Neiwand ) 44.804
She would go on to teach him of the nature of Elves and Men and their differences and places in the world
Justice Minister Stefaan De Clerck has admitted that mistakes were made and ordered an inquiry at the same time as stressing there were no indications of a cover-up .
As head of Handgun Control Inc. , Sarah Brady , 54 , campaigned nonstop for tough gun control in the years following the shooting of her husband and then President Reagan in 1981 .
It was the second-longest streak by an active player in the the majors behind Baltimore 's Cal Ripken , who appeared in his major-league record 2,282nd straight game today , a 13-0 loss to the California Angels .
BONN 1996-08-23
The Brent crude futures market on the Singapore International Monetary Exchange ( SIMEX ) was closed on Monday in respect for a U.K. national holiday .
Tar-Ancalimë was raised by her mother Erendis and a childhood companion was Zamîn
CRICKET - PAKISTAN 318-2 V ENGLAND -- LUNCH .
He first uses Were-worms to dig his army a route to the mountain to move unseen
As in the book, he admits to attempting to take the One Ring by force and begs forgiveness, lamenting that the strength of Men will fail and that Sauron may succeed
Following are key data from the August monthly survey of trends in UK manufacturing by the Confederation of British Industry ( CBI ) .
( Note - contents are displayed in reverse order to that in the printed Journal )
1-0 .
Uldor was from one of the tribes of Easterlings who entered into the service of the Sons of Fëanor
Ealham 37 8 81 1 81.00
G. Thorpe lbw b Mohammad Akram 54
Some designs were taken from "The Lord of the Rings": when he was first tasked with designing the rooms for Bag End in 1998, John Howe designed a pantry and a dining room, with the latter having been built but never shown
When Elrond, Glorfindel and Eärnur finally attacked Angmar, Rogash and an army of Trolls waited for them in the Hills of the Snow Trolls
Taking up the handle-shard of Narsil after his fathers defeat, Isildur cut the One Ring from Saurons hand, defeating him
Frodo and Sam passed the Cross-roads on the way to Mordor, as did the Army of the West on its way to the Black Gate
In Valinor, the Ñoldorin Elves were first ruled by High King Finwë
LAGOS 1996-08-29
Eventually, the path ran straight into Shelobs lair, though many side-tunnels had been carved by Orcs and Men to get past her webs
PEMBERTON , British Columbia 1996-08-24
Authorities in Wuhan , capital of the central province of Hubei , would punish those who sell or use disposable plastic containers from September 1 , the newspaper said .
There were also sections of the city mentioned in the Book of Mazarbul such as the "First Hall," "Second Hall," "Third Deep," "Twenty-first Hall" and the "North end." One stronghold, Erebor (located in the Lonely Mountains), gained its wealth from precious gems hewn from rock and in "great seams of gold running like rivers through stone." A name for where the Dwarves were located was Phurunargian, which meant Dwarf-delving in the Common Tongue
Ibrahim told Reuters by telephone from his embassy office in Amman that he " had not been notified " of any explusion order .
That caused Isildur to curse them to remain undead until they had fulfilled their oath
South Africa yet to hear from apartheid enforcers .
" Cofinec is a very good story in the long-term as the per capita packaging consumption is still so low in east Europe that a very strong increase can be expected ( long-term ) , " Sitanyi said , saying that several recent moves by Cofinec boosted its position .
When they arrive back in the ruins of Dale, the Battle of Five Armies has already begun and they find Gandalf the Grey, telling him that another army of Orcs will arrive
Jackie Frank
He said one of Wang 's apparent offences was to write a public letter in May suggesting that a free press and an independent judicial system were vital if the government really meant to stamp out rampant corruption .
HONG KONG 1996-08-28
Orcrist was discovered with Glamdring centuries later
Fluithuin and Melko were the parents of Gothmog, who was counted as one of the "Valarindi", the Children of the Valar
PHNOM PENH 1996-08-28
Scorer : Issa Alloush ( 45th minute ) .
Mithril was extremely rare by the end of the Third Age, as it was found only in Khazad-dûm
He spent his final days as a small-time criminal master in Hobbiton known as Sharkey (from the Orkish "sharkû," meaning "old man"), until he was overthrown in the Battle of Bywater
As Talion objects to this plan, the wraith abandons the Rangers body and takes over Eltariels, leaving Talion to bleed to death
Poland and Cyprus drew
PRESS DIGEST - ANGOLA - AUG 28 .
At Colchester : Essex beat Gloucestershire by an innings and
PRESS DIGEST - Iraq - Aug 22 .
In the card game, Caldara is largely associated with question and defending
He and Bilbo were the only ones ever to have given up the Ring willingly, and only Sam surrendered it readily
TORONTO 1996-08-30
x-AEK Athens ( Greece ) v Chemlon Humenne ( Slovakia )
All through the night of March 3rd-4th a combined force of Orcs and Dunlendings besieged the Hornburg, and despite the efforts of the Rohirrim (aided by Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli) hope appeared lost
Alatar, Curumo (Saruman the White) and Olórin (Gandalf) were assigned the objective of encouraging the peoples of Middle-earth to oppose Sauron
277 Duffy Waldorf 70 70 71 66 , Steve Stricker 68 72 69 68 ,
He was married to an unnamed woman, with whom he had at least two children, and Boromir
The name Húrin means "Steadfast" in Sindarin
Both goals came early in the second half after France had surprised the Mexicans with three half-time substitutions .
" All concerned must avoid taking any course of action that could pose an obstacle to the peace process and which could make a peaceful solution difficult , " he said , as news came of a renewed breakdown in Arab-Israeli peace talks in Jerusalem .
NEW YORK
Chinese police have detained dissident Wang Donghai , the New York-based pressure group Human Rights in China said on Saturday .
Red Star ( Yugoslavia ) beat Dinamo ( Russia ) 92-90 ( halftime
(He seems less hostile in this passage than the Orcs are during the later War of the Ring, as his questioning seems to imply that he has not decided beforehand whether he will order the party killed, make them slaves, or even let them go, but that he will decide according to their answers
they were disturbed to see half a dozen large ill-favoured Men lounging against the inn-wall; they were squint-eyed and sallow-faced
Fëanor was furious at the death of his father and the theft of the Silmarils
7. Gerhard Berger ( Austria ) 17
Former international goalkeeper Dominique Baratelli is to coach struggling French first division side Nice , the club said on Friday .
Jason Wong ( Malaysia ) beat Abdul Samad Ismail ( Malaysia ) 16-18
One commanded a team of catapult trolls. Several Ogres appear in Dale and two are killed by Bard the Bowman
"Valwë" could mean "the happy (or fortunate) one" in Early Quenya
Inzamam-ul-Haq not out 37
KHARTOUM 1996-08-24
Sam resolves to finish the quest himself and takes the Ring
Hasina told police the home ministry had already given a " blanket order " to arrest terrorists and possessors of illegal firearms irrespective of their political identities .
More than 20,000 people have died in the PKK 's 12-year-old fight for independence or autonomy in southeastern Turkey .
SAO PAULO 1996-08-27
Westlake , arrested in December 1993 and charged with heroin trafficking , sawed the iron grill off his cell window and climbed down the prison 's five-metre ( 15-foot ) wall on a rope made from bed sheets , Vivit said .
However, unlike the earlier Long Winter, Sauron was not able to launch a full attack in this period, as the War of the Dwarves and Orcs of a full century earlier had eliminated most of his Orc troops in the north, and the Haradrim had been badly defeated in 2885
Millennia later, before the Downfall, most Men of Númenor also spoke the language
Aranrúth (Kings Ire), was a sword that belonged to Elu Thingol, King of Doriath, and High King of the Sindar
The Easterlings settled down to besiege the Mountain, but were unable to gain entry
BRUSSELS 1996-08-24
Results of Wednesday 's matches in the U.S. Open Tennis Championships at the National Tennis Centre ( prefix number denotes seeding ) :
TORONTO AT CHICAGO
Greg Frost
Among the ogres were the Sarqindi, the Cannibal-ogres
At the end of the Third Age, its lord was Angbor, who sent only a few scattered woodsmen to reinforce Minas Tirith, as he and his men tried to defend the southern city of Linhir at the crossing of the river Gilrain against Southrons from Umbar and Harad
291 Phillip Price 72 76 74 69 , Adam Hunter 70 79 73 69 , Peter O'Malley ( Australia ) 71 73 75 72 , Mark Roe 69 71 78 73 , Mike Clayton ( Australia ) 69 76 73 73
BRIGHT-BELGIANS SPEED AFTER SCHUMACHER 'S WIN .
Aratar is a Quenya word that meant the Exalted
When he was youthful he didnt imagine that "old people" endured much amid wartime however now he knew not, care for a weak, confined canary
Whilst dwelling on the island of Almaren, the two most prominent towers in all of Arda were Helcar and Ringil which held the great lamps of Illuin and Ormal that lit the world in its youth
After Gollum asked a riddle about what "ruins kingdoms" and "beats tall mountains down", Bilbo tried to think "of all the giants and ogres that he had heard of." None of them, however, were destructive enough to meet the description of the riddle, as the answer was time itself
Kidnappers have seized a Dutch couple who manage a farm in northern Costa Rica and have demanded a $ 1.5 million ransom , authorities said on Monday .
They said 200 fighter planes , including 79 on the aircraft carrier Carl Vinson , were already in the Gulf ; the aircraft carrier Enterprise was in the eastern Mediterranean with 79 more , and an air expeditionary force with up to 40 more was ready to fly from the United States if ordered .
The dynasty containing them all, the House of Eorl, was divided into separate Lines when a king was not succeeded by his son (in both cases, the kings nephew ascended the throne)
scores in the German Open golf championship on Friday ( Britain
Millennia afterwards, Frodo Baggins and Sam Gamgee invoked Eärendil in different instances - calling him "brightest of stars" - in the Quenya outcries "Aiya Eärendil Elenion Ancalima!" and "Aiya elenion ancalima!" Eönwës exclamation when greeting Eärendil in Aman, at the end of the First Age, also alludes to the couplet from "Christ I"
Palantíri could not pierce minds, for the transference of thought depended upon the wills and intentions of those communicating
6. Vassiliy Kaptyukh ( Belarus ) 61.80
1. Pivotal 100-30 ( ridden by George Duffield )
During the war with the Dunlendings under Wulf, the Rohirrim under King Helm Hammerhand and many of his people sought refuge in the keep, where they held out during the Long Winter of TA 2758 – TA 2759
1 - Pete Sampras ( U.S. ) vs. Adrian Voinea ( Romania )
Fosco was the son of Largo Baggins and Tanta (Hornblower) Baggins
BOGOTA , Colombia 1996-08-22
The Arkenstone returned to the Lonely Mountain centuries later, returned by King Thrór after dragons drove his people out of the Grey Mountains
The Dawn Star is used in the "Voyage Across Belegaer, Flight of the Stormcaller, A Storm on Cobas Haven," and "The City of Corsairs" scenario"." In the "City of Corsairs" the Dawn Star, as well as, the other ships of the players fleet are destroyed among the rocks outside of Umbar
The gate was presumably first made when Durin the Deathless first came to the caves which would eventually become known as Moria, or Khazad-dûm
10. Olaf Ludwig ( Germany ) Telekom 1 minute 44 seconds
Gold was tinted to Hobbiton, whilst cooler colours were strengthened into Lothlórien, Moria and Helms Deep
- 5 Paul Goydos through 2 holes
The equivalents of "Hendwine" in Early Quenya and Gnomish were "Helúsion" and "Lúthien"
With the villagers safely inside the citadel and dozens of his men being slain by the enemy, Bard orders his surviving troops to pull back to the citadel
Hamas cleric jailed in Israel hospitalised briefly .
The Messenger Service was the official mail system of the Shire which also included the Quick Post
The level of his interactions with the outside world is also unclear; however, he perhaps became a folkloric figure in the traditions and legends of Elves, Dwarves and Men
The origin of Lembas bread from the Elves Great Journey is similar to the origin of the Eucharist from the Manna, which sustained the Israelites during the Exodus, i.e
FRANKFURT 2,555.16 - 2.10 2,583.49 ) 2,284.86
It said he had admitted the attack but had denied intending to kill Kotlarska .
Geert de Clercq
The attackers fled before them, and the Men of Lamedon also ran, all save for Angbor
He was the grandson of Mungo Baggins and Laura Grubb and a cousin of Bilbo Baggins
As Marhwini had hoped, many thralls of the Wainriders who had once been among the Northmen revolted, and caused their captors settlements to be destroyed
The low wall was made of yellow marble, as were the six spheres upon it
These Stoors remained here until the Great Plague nearly wiped them out, and the remainder then went to the Southfarthing of the Shire
Kuchma told a solemn ceremony at the Ukraina Palace on Friday that " there was a turning point " in reforms and that he expected a rise in the standard of living in the near future .
-- Conservative opposition New Democracy promises series of measures on the economy 30 days after the elections aiming at 4.0 percent GDP growth rate annually -- George Georgiopoulos , Athens Newsroom +301 3311812-4
In April , China quashed a draft resolution by the U.N. Human Rights Commission expressing concern over continuing reports of Beijing 's violations of fundamental freedoms .
President Mobutu Sese Seko , who seized power in a 1965 coup , introduced a multi-party system in 1990 but Zaire 's transition has lagged well behind that of other states in the region .
Ered Nimrais is a Sindarin name: "Ered" (mountains) and "Nimrais" (white peaks)
Britain 's Naseem Hamed retained his WBO featherweight title on Saturday when Mexico 's Manuel Medina was retired by his corner at the end of the 11th round .
Deputy Minister for Finance Ousmane Kaba said teams of inspectors would check government offices in the capital and the provinces to root out civil servants who drew salaries but had left their jobs , were dead , or had never existed .
After Elendil established the Realms in Exile in Middle-earth, he erected towers such as Amon Sûl throughout his kingdom which held the palantíri that the Númenórean exiles brought over from Númenor, to observe his kingdom
Maskhadov may also have made new demands on Lebed , forcing him to check back with the Kremlin on what he could offer .
And after their light was gone there was none left in Valinor save for in the Silmarils
The Sindarin name Ungoliant in Quenya is Ungweliantë, meaning "Dark Spider" from "ungwë" ("dark") and "liantë" ("spider")
Iraqi President Saddam Hussein has told visiting Russian ultra-nationalist Vladimir Zhirinovsky that Baghdad wanted to maintain " friendship and cooperation " with Moscow , official Iraqi newspapers said on Thursday .
" If they are still undecided whether the war Japan launched was aggressive in nature , it will be difficult to tell whether they will do the same again , " the newspaper said .
While Eöl was away at a feast in Nogrod, Aredhel and Maeglin left for Gondolin, stealing Anguirel from him, and Eöl followed them
NEW YORK 1996-08-31
Bucharest and Budapest say the treaty should be signed in the first half of September .
Men knew them by many other names, and sometimes worshiped them as Gods
" Our ambassador is in touch with the UAE foreign ministry .
4. Troy Corser ( Australia ) Ducati 38:34.436
The Witch-king unleashed apparitions known as "Barrow-wights" upon Tyrn Gorthad to haunt its great tombs of men, for over a millenia
Orcs had unchangeable disdain for all Elves, Dwarves, and Men, though they fought alongside wicked men under Morgoth and then Sauron in the First, Second, and Third Ages and were also said to have made alliances with wicked Dwarves
* GTE Corp , Baby Bells and their allies ready to launch challenge to telecommunications reform law .
That night, the Harfoots see three evil mystics following the Stranger, and find their carts burned after Elanor attempts to oppose them
MOSCOW 1996-08-23
out , W. Khan 52 ; R. Illingworth 4-54 , S. Lampitt 4-90 ) .
Each éored was also supposed to comprise one-hundredth of the whole Muster of Rohan, not including the household of the King
The Black Gates literal Sindarin translation, "Morannon", means "black gate" from "môr" ("dark, black") and "annon" ("gate, door")
Then Gandalf arrived, just in time to inform them that an army of goblins and Wargs were coming to attack
The MQM speaks for Urdu-speaking Moslems who migrated from India at Partition in 1947 and their descendants .
Republican presidential candidate Bob Dole Wednesday accused the Clinton administration of ignoring drug use among teenagers and said if elected he would use the National Guard to stop drugs from entering the United States .
There are three popular servers dedicated to the works of J.R.R. Tolkien: "Dark Lord" was the title held by the two most powerful evil overlords in the world of Arda, each of whom worked to take control of all Middle-earth for themselves and enslave the Free Peoples
Released 17 December 2003, its first U.S
Two tries from wing Jeff Wilson in the first quarter gave New Zealand a 24-11 lead before tries from flanker Ruben Kruger and scrum-half Joost van der Westhuizen in the space of two minutes narrowed the gap to a single point at 23-24 .
Then, they came to the treasury, slew Mablung before its doors, and took the Nauglamír and the Silmaril
After another attempt at parley, the Elves and men declare the mountain besieged
Originally, the guild was formed only to preserve the ancient art of the crafts they inherited from their Edain ancestors as in the early days of Númenor its people had no need of weapons of war, and they were mostly involved in the making of bladed tools of peace
Felicia Ballanger ( France ) beat Oksana Grichina ( Russia ) 2-0 ,
Javier Frana ( Argentina ) vs. 3 - Thomas Muster ( Austria )
In TA 2747, Golfimbul led an army of Goblins from Mount Gram in the Misty Mountains into the Northfarthing of the Shire
Jeff Russell pitched two perfect innings for his third save .
According to best-selling daily Gazeta Wyborcza , Rosati told the Polish parliament 's foreign affairs committee on Tuesday that the fact Lebed had been charged with resolving the conflict in Chechnya showed he would be marginalised .
Ainur are, in contrast, spiritual beings that create their own physical bodies to stay in Middle-earth, and are more than capable of changing their "hröa" to any form as they please
During the War of the Ring, they were amongst the fiercest warriors deployed at the Battle of the Pelennor Fields by Sauron and fought on even when the Battle of the Black Gate was lost, so deep was their hatred of the Men of the West
Early on Frodo meets his uncle Bilbo, whom he had not seen since he left Hobbiton seventeen years earlier
The nine ships of the Faithful were spared, and a great wind from the west sent them to the shores of Middle-earth
" The government is ready to guarantee security of the Maoist representatives who want to take part in peaceful dialogue , " Khadga said .
"Elendil" meant either "Elf-friend" or "Star-lover" in Quenya
Sangahyando was the great-grandson of Castamir of Gondor and along with Angamaitë, he became an important figure amongst the Haradrim and the Corsairs of Umbar
Montpellier 0 Cannes 1 ( Charvet 8th ) .
4. Heiko Szonn ( Germany ) 4:21.009
WASHINGTON 1996-08-22
Kenneth Carlsen ( Denmark ) beat Patrick Rafter ( Australia ) 7-6 ( 9-7 ) 6-3 7-6 ( 8-6 )
They wore hauberks of silver mail and had enhanced senses of hearing and smell
The New Row was built after the defeat of Sharkeys Men and the death of Saruman
Shortly after Yule 2758, Prince Háma accompanied by a small force went out to search for food, but he and his men were lost in a blizzard and never seen again
China has said it was time for political talks with Taiwan and that the rival island should take practical steps towards that goal .
The Men and Dwarves took refuge in the Lonely Mountain until news of the victory in the South reached them and they came forth to drive away their attackers
Sri Lanka beat Australia by four wickets in the third match of the Singer World Series one-day ( 50 overs ) cricket tournament on Friday .
So when Vingilot approached the earth, she would fly up into the sky with white and silvery-grey colored wings
-- New Delhi newsroom , +91-11-3012024
BUCHAREST 1996-08-29
The Yellow Mountains location in the world is also seen on varying maps of the Dark Lands or South Land, but the information on its exact whereabouts is very unclear
The tiny islands of the Seychelles failed to make soccer history at the weekend when they bowed out of the preliminary rounds of the African Nations Cup .
Norman , a two-time British Open champion , parted ways with his long-time mentor after drawing a blank in this year 's four majors , winning two tournaments worldwide .
The Supreme Court had on August 23 sent the opposition Khmer Nation Party steering committee member to jail after upholding rulings by the municipal and appeal courts that handed down a five million riels ( $ 2,000 ) fine and one year 's imprisonment .
Their ships were stolen, and many of the Teleri mariners were wickedly slain
It will have no duty to contribute any taxes to Beijing , Tsang said .
The first mention of the Red Arrow is when Borondir of Gondor and five other messengers rode north along Anduin to seek out Gondors old allies, the Éothéod, when Gondor was being overrun by Easterlings, in TA 2509
The name "Arwen" means "Noble maiden", from Sindarin "ar(a)" ("royal, noble") and "wen" ("maiden")
In earlier versions of the legendarium, the southern continent of the Great Lands was called in Early Quenya Salkinórë, meaning"grass land", or Andesalkë, meaning "long-grass"
The Sorcerers complete the plague, and the Barrow-wights are fully created
Palestinians have been banned by Israel from travelling from the West Bank to Jerusalem since suicide bombings by Moslem militants killed 59 people in the Jewish state in February and March .
CHICAGO 1996-08-26
Due to this, the city under Húrins stewardship was better manned than it had been before the Siege of Gondor had started
War of the Dwarves and Orcs
HARARE 1996-08-29
Queen Margrethe II of Denmark was inspired to illustrate The Lord of the Rings in the early 1970s
Mark Le Fanu, general secretary of the Society of Authors, opined that despite it being non-commercial, the book still constitutes a copyright infringement. Tolkiens copyright lasts until 2043 in countries with a copyright term of 70 years after the authors death
1. Marty Nothstein ( U.S. ) , last 200 metres in 10.982 seconds .
The only two known to have passed through against her will were Beren and Carcharoth
66 69 68 , Francisco Cea ( Spain ) 68 66 69 , Pedro Linhart
8. Carlos Checa ( Spain ) Honda 1:51.588
In Bistrita : Gloria Bistrita ( Romania ) 2 Valletta ( Malta ) 1
BONN 1996-08-23
He recounts the dispute over the gold Húrin had brought to King Tinwelint (Thingol) between Tinwelint, Gwendelin his wife, and Ufedhin, one in league with the Nauglath - and the deal made between Tinwelint and the Dwarves that goes awry and results in a slaughter by the Nauglath over possession of the Necklace
Scorers : Joakim Persson 81st minute , Daniel Andersson ( 89th )
They served neither Melkor nor Manwë, and they had no concern for Elves or men
The Wainrider threat was over and the Northmen people of Rhovanion were completely freed, some of these Men migrated to Gondor where they were welcomed as distant brethren
Amon Dîn, Eilenach, and Min-Rimmon were the oldest of the beacons
At least some men of Far Harad were allied with Sauron in the War of the Ring, and some of them fought in the Battle of the Pelennor Fields
The Quenya name Aman is glossed as "Blessed Land", or "blessed, free from evil" or "The Unmarred State"
Dunland then became the area most populated by these men, who came to be called Dunlendings
Auckland police were seeking an escaped gunman on Tuesday after an incident in which he fired at a 16-year-old schoolgirl , Radio New Zealand said .
He had extensive knowledge of many languages and writing systems used in Middle-earth, as well as in the history and customs of several of its peoples
It was fought between the army of the Last Alliance under Gil-galad and Elendil against an army of Orcs and other creatures loyal to Sauron, on the plains of Dagorlad just outside Mordor between Emyn Muil and Cirith Gorgor
Cabed-en-Aras was Sindarin for "Leap of the Deer"
The pair , identified only as 43-year-old clerk Dieter U and businessman Thomas S , 33 , are alleged to have carried out acts of sexual indecency with children as young as 10 years old between 1994 and 1995 .
An enraged Thorin then pursues the Orc, but Azog takes him by surprise and, screaming furiously, duels Thorin with his amputated blade-arm and mace against Thorins sword
EDMONTON 1996-08-31
Howard Shore composed a huge number of leitmotifs for the trilogy; some have estimated the amount to be eighty
The Czech office of Interpol said on Friday it would neither confirm nor deny that Dutroux had been in the Czech Republic , Slovakia 's western neighbour and former federation partner .
Since he is a dragon youngling his scales are not as harden as adult dragons, which allows the players heroes to kill him without enchanted weapons
" The good news is , if you 're highly skilled and have many abilities , you 'll be paid more , " said O'Neal .
Warg-riders were a group of Orcs specially trained to ride Wargs into battle
In the ensuing struggle, both Elendil and Gil-galad perished at Saurons hand, but Sauron also was defeated, and Isildur cut the One Ring from the Dark Lords hand
After the reign of Eärendur, the seventh king that followed Valandil, the Dúnedain of the North became divided into petty realms and lordships, and the evil realm of Angmar destroyed them one by one
Glamdring is inscribed with runes in the Elven language
A huge army of Orcs swarm out and start to march south, towards the Lonely Mountain
Palestinian President Yasser Arafat said on Wednesday that Israel had declared war on the Palestinians and called for the first general strike in the West Bank and Gaza in two years .
Saskatchewan Wheat Pool eyes hog market .
LONDON 1996-08-28
SOCCER - ROMANIA BEAT LITHUANIA IN U-21 QUALIFIER .
At Northampton : Sussex 389 ( N. Lenham 145 , V. Drakes 59 ,
Anduin was the Sindarin name for the Great River of Wilderland, also known as the Great River, and to the Éothéod, ancestors of the Rohirrim, as the Langflood
Burundi 's parliament has been suspended and political parties are banned but Terence told reporters Buyoya would reconvene a new type of national assembly in October .
The term "Morannon Orc" does not originate from J.R.R. Tolkiens works; it was coined by the makers of Peter Jacksons "The Lord of the Rings"film trilogy
SAO PAULO 1996-08-27
The One Ring Roleplaying Game uses a special set of dice: the twelve-sided Feat die, which is marked with numbers 1-10, as well as two special symbols, Gandalf’s rune and the Eye of Sauron, and a six-sided Success die, which is numbered 1-6, with a Tengwar rune on the 6
They filled nine ships with their families and many of their prized possessions, including the palantíri
Egypt says the Sudanese government helped the Moslem militants who tried to kill Mubarak in Addis Ababa last year .
Auxerre 4 2 2 0 3 0 8
However , he took a bronze medal in the Olympic road time-trial and then returned home to prepare for the world track series in the Manchester indoor velodrome .
He appears in the 2013 "Desolation of Smaug" set "Dol Guldur Battle." His minifigure carries a mace as a weapon and features a head piece and a prosthetic arm
Over the next hundred years many of them, especially the Edain, became allies of the Ñoldor in the war against Morgoth, and settled in Ñoldorin realms
President Bill Clinton arrived in Chicago on Wednesday as the Democratic convention prepared to re-nominate him for a second four-year term .
Interior Minister Zbigniew Siemiatkowski and Bernd Schmidbauer , German intelligence co-ordinator in Helmut Kohl 's chancellery , sealed the closer links during talks in Warsaw .
Instead on Friday he nominated all 23 Euro ' 96 veterans including Bremen 's Jens Todt , called up before the final by special UEFA dispensation .
2. Marco Vaccari ( Italy ) 46.16
M. Slater c P. Strang b Whittall 50
Hundar was the youngest son of Halmir, and his siblings were Haldir, Hareth, and Hiril
Castamir, a Man of Gondor by birth, served in Gondors army for much of his life, becoming a decorated war-hero
MONTPELIER , Vt .
He guards the treasures along with other Orcs and possible fallen elves
Eventually, after conquering most of Saurons domain, defeating a Balrog with the help of Carnan, a nature spirit, and finding out the identities of some of the Nazgul, the duo takes their army and march towards Barad-dûr, only to be stopped by one of the ringwraiths, Isildur
Jon Preston .
14. Padraig Harrington ( Ireland ) 202,593
Their return to Afghanistan will take place in two or three days , " an embassy official said .
People whose names include a reference to silver: Places and things whose names have a Silver reference in them: London is the capital city of the United Kingdom
Sarah Brady , whose Republican husband was severely disabled in an assassination attempt on President Ronald Reagan , took centre stage at the Democratic National convention on Monday night to praise President Bill Clinton 's gun control efforts .
He appeared to have been killed on Tuesday night , suffering at least eight stab wounds .
" The Belgian police also informed us that Dutroux , together with one other man , had ( also ) planned the kidnapping of at least one Slovak woman , " Gajdos said .
Megawati 's lawyers said they were still discussing a possible out of court settlement but they was not optimistic an agreement could be reached .
China has publicly thanked Gabon for its strong support at the United Nations Human Rights Commission , where Beijing has come under attack from Western nations for its human rights record .
is a freelance author, researcher, and literary critic who wrote "", a 139-page biography of Tolkien, in 2004
5. Gabriel Curuchet - Juan Curuchet ( Argentine ) 15
Having departed from the company of Harfoots at the Grove, the Stranger reaches some part of the Greenwoods
Barad-dûr was besieged for seven years by the Last Alliance of Elves and Men during the Second Age, and was leveled after Saurons defeat at the hands of Isildur
Asif Mujtaba not out 1
Palestinian President Yasser Arafat described this week the decision to expand settlements in the West Bank as a declaration of war .
By SA 3319, Ar-Pharazôns armada was complete, known as the Great Armament
"Annon" translates from the Sindarin word for great door or gate, plural "ennyn" (also found in the words "Morannon" and "Sirannon"), or Gate of the Noldor
Seeing as Hobbitish was a regional dialect spoken in rural farming regions, it was not as refined as the true form of the language which was spoken in locations such as Gondor or Rivendell
FORECAST - S.AFRICAN COMPANY RESULTS CONSENSUS .
Political infighting within Banharn 's Chart Thai party has raised doubts whether he can hold his supporters together and defeat the opposition motion , political analysts said .
Nár was barred from retrieving the head of Thrór, and the Orcs threw him a small pouch of coins of little worth as a final gesture of scorn
The Stiffbeards were a clan aligned with one of the seven Fathers of the Dwarves in Middle-earth that dwelt in the mountains of the East
The towers destruction meant that the army of Angmar had now made the fortified line along the Weather Hills untenable, and its forces gained easy access to the heart of Arthedain
He never saw the Hobbits, as they had fled during the battle
But they were almost upset 12 minutes from time when De Wilde fumbled a hard Arif Erdem shot and Orhan Cikirikci almost pounced on the loose ball .
" It is important to translate the criticism into pressuring action to prevent Israel from undermining the big international efforts aimed at making the peace process achieve success , " the radio said .
Athens and Tirana signed an accord in May to legalise the status of Albanian immigrant workers , estimated at 350,000 , and remove a long-standing stumbling block in relations between the two Balkan neighbours .
Responding to a letter from the the Palestinian U.N. observer mission , Security Council President Tono Eitel of Germany said that members asked him to convey their views to Israel 's charge d'affaires , David Peleg .
Túrin then began his journey towards Doriath, ever seeking news of Finduilas
This coming shift , O'Neal said , " is not just isolated or a fad .
At Weston-super-Mare : Durham 326 ( D. Cox 95 not out ,
Police also would not say why Wang was being sent to a study class -- a holdover from the chaotic 1966-76 Cultural Revolution -- or say when he would be released , the group said .
Nimloth is a Sindarin word of the roots "nim" ("white") and "loth" ("blossom")
Jordanian Prime Minister Abdul-Karim al-Kabariti began talks with Palestinian President Yasser Arafat in the West Bank on Thursday on the stalled Middle East peace process , officials said .
Clinton was at work on the nomination acceptance speech that will launch his 10-week re-election campaign when political strategist Dick Morris abruptly announced his resignation on Thursday .
Daughter of Henry VIII and his second wife Anne Boleyn , she was queen of England 1558-1603 .
"Anca "- Quenya word for Jaws
Many of the surviving Elves of drowned Beleriand, especially the exiled Ñoldor, relocated to Lindon by the beginning of the Second Age, where Gil-galad ruled
The dual-axe skill allows her to use various attacks that are most effective to some enemies, such as wargs and Uruk-hai
The Elves in J.R.R. Tolkiens legendarium were often associated as "fairy-like" beings who grew great in stature
Romania - Cosmin Contra ( 31st ) , Mihai Tararache ( 75th )
The stars were made of gems, and the crown of mithril and gold
PITTSBURGH AT COLORADO
" We will wait until the last minute so we check with everybody and their injuries , " said King . "
Bucaram , who was elected on a populist platform last month , also plans to create a ministry for ethnic cultures .
The hijackers threatened to blow it up during a refuelling stop in Cyprus unless they were taken to London .
In Boston , Mike Stanley 's bases-loaded two-run single snapped an eighth-inning tie and gave the Red Sox their third straight win , 6-4 over the Oakland Athletics .
Not much is known of the actual battle, whether it was simply a duel between great powers, or if it involved the use of conventional weapons
G. Flower c Ponting b Flemming 7
Of the 218 shares traded , gainers outdid losers by 100 to 64 and 54 shares were stable .
Belgian police searched two more houses on Saturday for bodies in a child-sex scandal of murder , kidnapping and pornography that has sent a shockwave of revulsion throughout Europe .
The visitors had started the day optimistically by sending back former England captain Graham Gooch when he added just six to his overnight 105 , but Essex went on to make 532 for eight before declaring .
"Alqua" - Sindarin word for Swan
"Morwinyon" is a Quenya word, the roots of which are "moro", meaning "glint in the dark", and "gwini - "which has a derivative word "wintil - "meaning "a glint"
It said the quake , centred near the small town of Waiau , was strongly felt in the cities of Nelson and Christchurch .
NEW YORK 1996-08-26
"Melian" is a Sindarin name, from the Quenya "Melyanna", of which the roots are "mel" (love) and "anna" (gift)
Gildor Inglorion was a Ñoldor Elf met by Frodo Baggins on the edge of the Shire, at the beginning of Frodos venture out of his home
The fifteenth, Melkor, turned aside from that path and became the first Dark Lord
SEOUL 1996-08-23
JAKARTA 1996-08-27
Lebed said he and Maskhadov agreed to defer by more than five years the painful issue of Chechnya 's political status .
After Sauron is defeated, his armies at the Black Gate flee, and the men of Gondor and Rohan are victorious in the battle
Later towards the end of the battle, the women decide to help the men in battle, but Alfrid, still dressed as an old lady, refuses
April 8, 1969 in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada) is a Canadian-born New Zealand actor
Leboeuf was dismissed two minutes from time for a second bookable offence , fouling Mexican substitute Ricardo Pelaez who minutes earlier had also been shown the yellow card for pushing the Chelsea defender in the back .
In , It also became the new home for many of Durins Folk who were exiled from their halls in Erebor by Smaug the Dragon who had driven them out
Russian and rebel military commanders finally met in Chechnya on Tuesday for delayed talks aimed at finalising a ceasefire arranged last week by President Boris Yeltsin 's envoy Alexander Lebed .
Since the early 1970s, using the information about Elvish languages contained in Tolkiens published material, were made some attempts of study or write in Quenya or Sindarin
Shortly thereafter, Queen Regent Míriel announced that Númenor would send 500 men to the Southlands to confront Adar and rescue the beleaguered Men there, and Ontamo volunteered, as did Valandil and Isildur
In "The Lord of the Rings" her Sindarin name, "Elbereth Gilthoniel", appears many times, usually in a song or invocation
They are unharmed , " a police official in Liege said .
After giving a report to Denethor, Faramir left to command the garrison
At Trent Bridge : Nottinghamshire 392-6 ( G. Archer 143 not
Erbakan has encouraged Nacar 's bid but has ruled out direct talks with the rebels .
8. Rasa Mazeikyte ( Lithuania ) 3:46.834
In his speech to the crowded legislature , Arafat signalled he was not abandoning diplomacy although " alarm bells are ringing " .
The road was built to facilitate the trade interests of the Dwarves with other peoples of Beleriand, and was considered to be the easiest way of passing into Beleriand from Eriador
declared ( G. Gooch 111 , R. Irani 91 , P. Prichard 88 , D. Robinson 72 ;
The city was defended stoutly by the garrison and Rangers of Ithilien but the defenders were massively outnumbered by the army Sauron would throw against them
Paribas Capital Markets OTC options specialist Robert Coughlan said that if volatility continued lower for the rest of Friday in over-the-counter 10-year Bunds , it should be higher next Tuesday .
" If they spend all this money moving the copper to Yingkou , it will be sitting there for years , " he said .
The work on black troops has provided new insight into the rhythms of plantation talk and culture , said John Simon , professor of history at Southern Illinois University at Carbondale and editor of Gen .
7. John Mayock ( Britain ) 3:54.67
Inscribed on the blade are Cirth (runes) in Sindarin that say, "Aen estar Hadhafang i chathol hen, thand arod dan i thang an i arwen." Which transfers to "this blade is called Hadhafang, a noble defense against the enemy throng for a noble lady." (In Sindarin "Arwen" actually means "noble (or royal) woman")
In Seattle , Pete Incaviglia 's grand slam with one out in the sixth snapped a tie and lifted the Baltimore Orioles past the Seattle Mariners , 5-2 .
26. Finland 8.09
Language "See main article "Rohirric"." Tolkien rendered Rohirric as Old English, but also included Scandinavian names, such as Westfold
" It would seem that the subject of extradition is unworthy of an opinion from the government , " Deputy Prosecutor-General Adolfo Salamanca said .
2. Marion Clignet ( France ) 3:31.674
Adams and Platt are both injured and will miss England 's opening World Cup qualifier against Moldova on Sunday .
Swords such as Orcrist and Glamdring earned their reputations here, and became feared among Orcs
The Earth-kin were hunter-gatherers and shepherds, and made dwellings around ancient stone structures like henges
These Kings Men therefore were already predisposed to the corruption of Sauron when he came to Númenor
However, he found his own land ruled by the Easterlings and left Hithlum with seven companions, led by Asgon
After being caught by the wood Elves in "The Desolation of Smaug", Dori and the rest of the company are stripped of their weapons and he later receives a human longsword from the Lake-town armory
" The word is that Frowick has decided to postpone municipal elections but that he will wait for one more session of the PEC on Tuesday to take everyone 's temperature on the issue . "
Though sick at heart at the burden of the terrible oath, they conspired to sneak into the camp of the victorious host of the Valar, where they slew the guard around the Silmarils and took them
Scorers : Ewald Brenner ( 5th minute ) , Mario Stieglmair ( 42nd ) , Ronald Brunmayr ( 43rd and 56th ) .
It is possible that the Stiffbeards were among the "Houses of other Fathers" who sent troops to help Durins Folk in the War of the Dwarves and Orcs
Malinornë is the Quenya name for Mallorn
Losgar, the place where Fëanor set the ships ablaze in the land of Lammoth, lay to its north and the mountains of Nevrast to its south
9. Yoshikawa 38:35.297
3. Kennedy Ochieng ( Kenya ) 46.21
SQUASH - HILL BRANDS WORLD CHAMPION JANSHER A CHEAT .
-- Abidjan newsroom +225 21 90 90
He was the second son of Otto Boffin and Lavender Grubb
Essex , however , look certain to regain their top spot after Nasser Hussain and Peter Such gave them a firm grip on their match against Yorkshire at Headingley .
Míriel was described to have silver hair and a slender figure
ATLANTA 1996-08-25
2.2-0-13-0 , Ganguly 2-0-14-0
Afterwards, Ungoliant used the dark webs of Unlight to torture Melkor when he refused to surrender the Silmarils to her
F.C. La Valletta - Gilbert Agius ( 24th )
SOCCER - SPONSORS CASH IN ON RAVANELLI 'S SHIRT DANCE .
Easterlings were supposed to arrive and overwhelm the Elves, but they were occupied in battle with the Dwarves and Men at the Lonely Mountain
Belgium beat Turkey 2-1
NEW YORK 1996-08-24
- 1 Tim Herron through 4
Christopher dedicated the "History of Middle-earth" volume "The Peoples of Middle-earth "to her, as well as "The Children of Húrin" for its publication in 2007
Annael was a Sindarin Elf who lived with his people in the caves of Androth in the region of Hithlum, called Mithrim, in northern Beleriand
Around 1,000 Israeli troops patrol a 15 km ( nine-mile ) south Lebanon occupation zone which the Jewish state carved out in 1985 to prevent attacks on its northern bordder .
Inside the mountain, the King of the Dead confronts the trio and sends his army to kill them
It was said that the Black Uruks were bred here, when Sauron first used them to assault Ithilien before the Great Years
A poetic name for the Moon was The Silver Flower, and Gollum referred to it as The White Face
Elanor means "Sun-star" in Sindarin, from "el" ("star") and "anor" ("sun")
At Minnesota , John Jaha 's three-run homer , his 26th , capped a five-run eighth inning that rallied the Milwaukee Brewers to a 10-7 victory over the Twins .
The Battle of Dagorlad occurred in the year 3434 of the Second Age
Nicolas Lapentti ( Ecuador ) vs. Alex O'Brien ( U.S. )
5. Jesper Skibby ( Denmark ) TVM 9
division soccer match played on Thursday :
In some alternate accounts, Círdan was the bearer of Narya from the beginning, with Gil-galad only possessing Vilya
Magna , Johnson Controls and Lear have been working to build up their capabilties to supply complete interiors to automakers , including seats , instrument panels , door panels carpeting and headliners .
Repatriation of 1.1 million Rwandan Hutu refugees announced by Zaire and Rwanda on Thursday could start within the next few days , an exiled Rwandan Hutu lobby group said on Friday .
In times of war or unrest, the Marshals of the Mark each had a battle-ready Éored as part of his household, which he could command at his discretion
-- Johannesburg newsroom , +27 11 482 1003
Canada 's international travel account gap shrinks .
Absolutely nothing of the fortress that had stood for 2,019 years was left
Later, once Théoden and the men of Rohan had arrived, Húrin joined Imrahil, Hirluin and Forlong in riding out on horse with many other men to aid the Rohirrim in the Battle of the Pelennor Fields
Bonn has led efforts to protect public health after consumer confidence collapsed in March after a British report suggested humans could contract an illness similar to mad cow disease by eating contaminated beef .
This chapter is told from the perspective of Gandalf, who reveals his motivations for setting the quest in motion, including his fear that Sauron would turn the dragon Smaug to his side
Over a dozen militant groups are fighting New Delhi 's rule in the state .
Including the costs of the two abandoned wells , the company said , these first prospects have added to reserves at a finding cost of about U.S. $ 2 per barrel of oil equivalent .
Their duel progressed closely to how it does in the book: Gandalf shatters the Balrogs fiery sword (using a magical shield formed around himself in conjunction with Glamdring), and then strikes the bridge of Khazad-dûm, breaking it in half, and causing the Balrog to fall into the abyss
Bilbo Baggins the Hobbit is smoking outside his house when suddenly Gandalf the wizard appears and tells him he wants to hire a burglar
A decision is expected by mid-September on whether Texas billionaire Ross Perot , the Reform Party candidate , will be allowed to participate in the debates , which are sponsored by the Commission on Presidential Debates , a non-profit , non-partisan organisation that took over the forums in 1988 from the League of Women Voters .
Top military officials from North Atlantic Treaty Organisation countries will tour Spain and Portugal next month for their annual inspection of alliance country installations and forces .
Themes for the One Ring Themes for the fourth Age
Radagast displayed some qualities of innocence and naivety, making him an ideal accomplice of Sarumans plans, seen in providing his services to help the White examine the Gladden Fields
-- R Leong , New York Power Desk +1 212 859 1622
He was most infamous for his experiments in creating and mutilating monsters, including the orcs, Wargs and Dragons and used much of his powers to corrupt Arda
" They ( government officials ) want to present us before public opinion as a local problem , as just being from Guerrero and as irrational radicals , " Commander Oscar told La Jornada .
Australia have been promised the presence of commandos , sniffer dogs and plainclothes policemen to ensure a limited overs tournament is trouble-free .
Swedish telecoms group LM Ericsson AB said on Friday it won an order worth 1.2 billion crowns for a fixed public telecoms network in the Guangdong province of China .
2. Tony Jarrett ( Britain ) 13.35
After escaping the Disaster of the Gladden Fields, Isildur, standing at the banks of the river Anduin cast off all of his armour and fighting gear but retained an Eket for self-defense before going into the water
"Edro! "- Sindarin imperative meaning Open!
Benetton of Italy beat Dinamo of Russia 92-81 ( halftime 50-28 ) in a fifth place play-off in the Trofej Beograd 96 international basketball tournament on Saturday .
He added the couple had also shed light on the murder last year of the wife of Mafia boss Nitto Santapaola .
Home sales across Massachusetts were down 2.3 percent in July , compared to a month earlier , but up 21 percent for the year , according to the Massachusetts Association of Realtors .
Irensaga was a saw-toothed mountain of the White Mountains in Rohan
Mîm was captured by a group of outlaws led by Túrin Turambar and forced to reveal the location of his refuge which was known as Bar-en-Nibin-Noeg (House of the Petty-Dwarves)
8. George Hincapie ( USA ) Motorola 0:09
Tarannon Falastur began the building of great fleets of ships that increased Gondors power in Middle-earth down past the Mouths of Anduin
This was not difficult, for the One Ring gave him the strength to subdue their wielders
Their first assignment , later this year , will be documenting humpback whale migration off Monterey , California .
European bourses closed mixed on Tuesday with London clawing back most of the day 's losses despite an unsteady start on wall Street , hit by inflation worries .
LONDON 1996-08-23
4. Geir Moen ( Norway ) 20.41
During his whole life, Tolkien often revised his languages and never completed a definite set of rules them, because he didnt created them for to be used outside from his own literary production
His name means "Nameless" in a fan-made Gundabad Orkish dialect
Moreau takes bronze medal as faster losing semifinalist .
The Witch-king settled in Angmar with its capital city at Carn Dûm, and after having built an army, in TA 1356 attacked the Kingdoms of Arthedain and Cardolan in alliance with Rhudaur
Anyone clever and nimble enough might find a way to climb up, though it may seem impossible to those lacking in resourcefulness
London ( The Oval ) : Warwickshire 195 ( A. Giles 50 ; B. Julian 4-66 , C. Lewis 4-45 ) , Surrey 82-0 .
Many, though not all, of the Elves were persuaded to go with Oromë on the Great Journey westwards towards Aman
Fíriel was a Queen of Arnor and the wife of Arvedui, the last King of Arthedain
-- Sydney newsroom 61-2 9373-1800
A path marked by standing stones led from the road to the summit of Halifirien
Turkish Prime Minister Necmettin Erbakan visited mainly Moslem countries , including Iran , during a 10-day tour earlier in August .
It appears in the commentary of a chapter of "The Book of Lost Tales Part One", "The Chaining of Melko"
If he loses Saturday , it could devalue his position as one of the world 's great boxers , " Panamanian Boxing Association President Ramon Manzanares said .
Frances Walsh is an Academy Award-winning screenwriter and film producer, and also a musician
Russia 's Interfax news agency reported on Tuesday the officials had departed for negotiations in Germany , adding that face-to-face talks between the two sides first took place last December in Amsterdam .
"Carn" is most likely shortened from Sindarin "caran", meaning red
- Maronite Patriarch Sfeir expressed sorrow over the violations in Sunday ' elections .
-- New Democracy leader Miltiadis Evert vows support mesures for farmers and small business as he kicks off the conservative party 's campaign
The white swan ships of the Eldar brought many gifts to the Númenóreans: birds, trees, herbs, and more
Ten missing in north China ship collision .
At Trent Bridge : Match abandoned as a draw - rain .
Waqar Younis 4-95 )
- Pakistan 's Muslim Commercial Bank , Vital Information System , and Duff and Phelps of the U.S. are likely to announce a strategic alliance with Bangladesh 's only credit rating company -- Credit Rating and Information Systems Ltd -- next month .
In Quenya, "lambë", the chief root of the term "Lambengolmor", is the term for spoken language or verbal communication
The Elves found Valarin alien, sometimes unpleasant, with very few of them ever deigning to learn the language
BALTIMORE AT SEATTLE
However, He also noted that "These too, in their time shall find that all that they do redounds at the end only to the glory of my work." The Elves tended to consider Men a burden to Manwë as they seemed to resemble Melkor most of all the Ainur, and, indeed, it was true that Men desired power more than any other race in Middle-Earth
Chang , seeded second behind defending champion Pete Sampras , took two hours 40 minutes to defeat 186th-ranked Jaime Oncins of Brazil 3-6 6-1 6-0 7-6 , 8-6 in the tiebreaker .
The name Meneldil is a Quenya word meaning "Heaven-lover" or "Lover of the Heavens." Cemendur was the fourth King of Gondor
The surprise development captivated the thousands of reporters at the convention and clearly worried some Democrats , who had planned a triumphal celebration of Clinton 's lead over Dole in the opinion polls .
Eöl, the Dark Elf, once dwelt there in the early days, but was not content and obtained permission from the king to dwell outside its boundaries, in exchange for the sword Anglachel
Car kills two trying to avoid Texas drag race .
Their ship was destroyed by a sea-serpent known as "the worm," and they are stranded on the wreckage when Galadriel swims nearby
The main academic union , ASUU , along with two smaller university unions , was banned by Nigeria 's military government last week , because of a four-month strike by teachers for better working conditions .
Albeit no work had been feasible for a year, as of late Tolkien had possessed the capacity to press ahead with the continuation of inside of sight of conclusion
The story of their creation was told in the "Quenta Silmarillion", and explains how the Elves and Men were created by Eru Ilúvatar directly, without delegation to the Ainur
PRESS DIGEST - FRANCE - LE MONDE AUG 26 .
The play was directed by Raila Leppäkoski - it was six hours long, and was widely considered an artistic success
The Sindarin translation was "Ithryn "(singular: "Ithron")
While traveling from Rivendell to the Misty Mountains, Thorins axe is seen as more of a walking axe, than a battleaxe
JOHANNESBURG 1996-08-30
LONDON 1996-08-26
The loss was the Mets ' eighth straight , their longest slide since September 1993 , and dropped them to 0-4 under new manager Bobby Valentine .
Public Service , Labour and Social Welfare Minister Florence Chitauro told state radio her ministry had already begun recruiting other people to replace the strikers , sub-contracting some of the work to private firms .
Somewhere in the lost east, too, lay Cuiviénen and Hildórien, where Elves and Men first awoke: all Children of Ilúvatar could trace their ancestries back to the eastern regions of Middle-earth
The equaliser came in the 73rd minute when Swedish international Henke Larsson scored from close range and 10 minutes later Jean-Paul van Gastel gave Feyenoord a 2-1 victory from the penalty spot .
Chile has proposed a resolution , still under discussion , that would impose an immediate arms embargo on Burundi and call for negotiations .
It took Martinez four Opens to get as far as the quarters , and another four to match that .
Gupta said there might be an increase in the number of people infiltrating the Kashmir valley to create disturbance in the region .
Hungary 's gross foreign debt rose to $ 27.53 billion in June from $ 27.25 billion in May , the
Celebrimbor later elaborates after examining the mithril shard from Durin, reiterating the conviction that large quantities of mithril can bring salvation to the Elves
Murgash informed an enraged Gothmog of this, and the lieutenant promptly rectified the dilemma by having his men bring out the "Wolfs Head", the massive and immensely powerful wolf-like battering ram Grond
" This is an individual case and I do n't have any evidence linking the suspects to any other cases , " Laasonen said .
Hyarmendacil was born Ciryaher to King Ciryandil, who was slain defending Umbar, under siege by the Haradrim and Black Númenóreans
It 's too late , Mr. President , " Dole told an outdoor crowd of several hundred at a private religious school .
6. Federico Colonna ( Italy ) Mapei 27
William J. Mercer , IVAC president and chief executive officer , will become the president and CEO of Advanced Medical .
ATLANTIC HIGHLANDS , N.J. 1996-08-28
Poldor was young man of Númenor
1. Roger Black ( Britain ) 45.05
The wargs forced Gandalf, Bilbo Baggins, and the rest of the company into the trees until being repelled by burning pinecones which Gandalf supplied to the Dwarves
CHICAGO 1996-08-30
- Fears of an Israeli operation causes the redistribution of Syrian troops locations in Lebanon .
D-style game that features many characters from Tolkiens works
Kelly averaged 57.345 kph to beat Soren Lausgberg of Germany by eighteen hundredths of a second .
ATHLETICS - LEADING RESULTS AT SHEFFIELD INTERNATIONAL MEETING .
He rode to the camp of the Rohirrim at the risk of his own life to present the Red Arrow of Gondor to Théoden, King of Rohan, as a request for aid in their war against Sauron
Wimbledon bad boy Jeff Tarango caught a break Monday when he advanced after the retirement of German Alex Radulescu due to heat exhaustion .
Together the forces of Beregond and Fréaláf Hildeson, the King of Rohan, defeated the Corsairs, Easterlings and Dunlendings
They have established a headquarters in Chuman , " Faik Nerweyi of the Kurdistan Democratic Party ( KDP ) told Reuters by telephone from Ankara .
However, the Kings of Arthedain, Chieftains of the Dúnedain, and later Stewards switched to Sindarin
The culmination of the growing up process is in the Scouring of the Shire, when the hobbits defeat Saruman and his forces without the help of Elves or Men
While many Elves were killed and the realm of Eregion destroyed, the Men of Númenor helped the Elves repel Sauron
Orthanc was occupied by Saruman and soon became a place of evil rivalling Sauron
In response, he and those most loyal to him departed one night on the Teleri ships
Although the word Edain refers to all Men, the Elves use it to distinguish those Men who fought with them in the First Age against Morgoth in Beleriand, from others
" There is much to discuss on the fall calendar , " acting chief spokesman Glyn Davies said . "
The Shadow wins if it manages to corrupt the Ring-bearers enough and acquire the One Ring
13. Johnny Herbert ( Britain ) 4
Although the character was later discarded, his name was partially reused for "Telumehtar", the Quenya name of Orions constellation in Middle-earth
4 - Kimiko Date ( Japan ) beat 5 - Gabriela Sabatini ( Argentina )
CHILLICOTHE , Ohio 1996-08-25
They are seen at the Siege of Gondor, as primary shock troops entering Minas Tirith when Grond has broken its Gate
Returning to the city, Bard tells Thranduil what has happened and that going to war is the only option, so the Men scoured the ruins for arms and armor and readied themselves for battle alongside the Elves
Echuir is the Sindarin name for the season in the Calendar of Imladris which corresponds with a period between winter and spring, known as stirring
Beginning with their third album "Tales from the Twilight World", Blind Guardian gradually began to write more complicated compositions focusing less on speed
They will run against quartets from the United States , Europe and Africa in a special race at the Berlin Grand Prix meeting to mark the 60th anniversary of Owens 's four gold medals at the 1936 Olympics in the German capital .
Írimë was a Ñoldorin Elf, the younger daughter of Finwë, High King of the Ñoldor, and Indis; sister of Fingolfin, Finarfin, Findis, and half-sister of Fëanor
Now, Eärnil would face an army of Haradrim
Bards bow has now been broken, so he ties the bow string to the posts on the tower and rests the Black Arrow on Bains shoulder
As told in "The Book of Lost Tales Part Two", the Elves in Gondolin treated Tuor very highly: "Upon a time the king caused his most cunning artificers to fashion a suit of armour for Tuor as a great gift, and it was made of Ñoldorin steel overlaid with silver, but his helm was adorned with a device of metal and jewels like two swan-wings, one on either side, and a swans wing was wrought on his shield"
Third seed Arantxa Sanchez Vicario , the 1994 champion , and eighth-seeded Olympic gold medalist Lindsay Davenport dropped three game each en route to the second round .
Estonia 's parliament failed for a second time to elect a president on Tuesday , dealing a blow to incumbent Lennart Meri and pushing the country towards stalemate in its choice of a new head of state .
John Rateliff notes in "The History of The Hobbit"; ...‘ent’ simply means ‘giant’ in Old English... The Book of Lost Tales had referred to giants as one of the Úvanimor, or monster-folk (BLT I.75), a thoroughly traditional touch on Tolkien’s part; giants have a long, long tradition in folklore of being extremely dangerous if not downright wicked... Ents are one of the five Free Peoples; giants one of those races which may be called the Children of Morgoth... The stone-giants of The Hobbit do not seem to be aware of the presence of the travellers, but then again there’s no indication that they would have behaved any differently had they known; in short, they are portrayed as a perilous but almost impersonal force, rather like the thunder-storm itself... By contrast, a much more traditional view surfaces in the next chapter – when Bilbo is trying to think of the answer to Gollum’s last riddle (‘This thing all things devours’), his mind is filled with ‘all the horrible names of all the giants and ogres he had ever heard told of in tales’ (p
DETROIT AT KANSAS CITY
The separatists , who swept into Grozny on August 6 , still control large areas of the centre of town , and Russian soldiers are based at checkpoints on the approach roads .
Results of the Czech Republic 's
The world 's costliest footballer Alan Shearer was named as the new England captain on Friday .
Sarumans jealousy of Gandalf grew from these events, perhaps because he feared that he would eventually supplant him as chief of the wizards
Steve Barnes
Israel on Wednesday sent Syria a message , via Washington , saying it was committed to peace and wanted to open negotiations without preconditions .
U.S. lauds Russian-Chechen deal .
3. Jan Van Eiden ( Germany ) 1:04.541
- Syrian armoured columns on the move in Lebanon .
To the Men of Gondor, the voices of Haradrim sounded harsh, and like "shouts of beasts"
In grief, Lúthien lay down and died, passing to the Halls of Mandos
Ancalimë and Emerwen Aranel means "Most bright" and "Princess Shepherdess" in Quenya respectively
Under the mountains, the Great Goblin was slain, and Bilbo found the One Ring
-- Royal Oak shares were down 1/16 at 3-11/16 .
The Armies of Gondor and Rohan had about 7,000 men
Many readers assume that it was Gwaihir and Landroval who rescued Thorin Oakenshield and Company from a band of Wargs and goblins, flying them to the river Anduin, and later assisting in the Battle of the Five Armies fought near Lonely Mountain
One diplomat said Iraq and U.N. were still in disagreement on how many international observers would be required to ascertain the equitable distribution of humanitarian supplies that will be procured under Baghdad 's oil deal with U.N .
Bosnian refugees in Hungary , the first to vote last weekend in their country 's first post-war election , found the rules confusing and some had no idea who they voted for , refugees and officials said on Wednesday .
Before the battle had begun, Isildur had sent away his esquire Ohtar, bearing the shards of his fathers sword Narsil
Adûnaic, the language of Númenor, was spoken in them; it later evolved into Westron or the Common Speech, borrowing some words from Elvish languages
Lancashire 's total of 205 for eight from 40 overs looked reasonable before Byas put their attack to the sword , collecting his runs from just 100 balls with three sixes and nine fours .
A few years ago , barter deals accounted for up to 25-30 percent of Russian exports because " thousands ( of ) trade companies which popped up preferred barter in the absence of reliable Russian banks and money transfer systems " , Volkova said .
The object of the game is to return to Bag End with Thorin and the treasure
Andúnië was a Quenya word that meant Sunset
The War of the Jewels was prompted after Fëanor refused to forfeit his Silmarils to the Valar, for the rekindling of the Two Trees
In Larnaca : AEK Larnaca ( Cyprus ) 5 Kotaik Abovyan ( Armenia )
Fingon became High King when Fingolfin died dueling with Morgoth after the Dagor Bragollach
Olympiakos of Greece beat Russia 's Dinamo 69-60 ( halftime 35-23 ) in the third match of an international basketball tournament on Thursday , qualifying for the finals .
Her name was removed from the Books of the Kings but not from the memory of Men
A 16th-century document , the earliest complete example of written Albanian , has disappeared from the Vatican archives , an Albanian newspaper said on Friday .
Cal Ripken 's bases-loaded walk scored Brady Anderson with the winning run in the bottom of the 10th as the Baltimore Orioles regained control of the top spot in the wild-card race with a wild 12-11 victory over the Oakland Athletics .
8. Pauline Konga ( Kenya ) 15:11.40
"Poldor" means "strong one, burly one" in Quenya
Nigerian general takes over Liberia ECOMOG force .
Minohtar then rallied his wing of the army to mount a desperate rear-guard defense, buying time for the un-engaged left wing of the army and the units at the rear of the ring wing to retreat
5. Olofsson , della Noce 93
Lake Wakatipu is an inland lake (finger lake) in the South Island of New Zealand
Isildur took up the hilt of the sword and used the broken blade to cut the One Ring from Saurons hand
After which, the King led his armies into the land and after about nine years of campaigning there the land became a province of Gondor by TA 550, and the Easterlings were forced further east
One of these is the assumption that the top of the courtyard of the White Tree was flattened and paved
" Egypt will contact the British government to find out the truth of the matter and to discuss the possible consequences of such an unfortunate step , " he added .
During the War of the Ring, Lebennin was under attack by the Corsairs of Umbar, and so could not send many men to the aid of Minas Tirith
" There is no doubt that Chechnya , according to OSCE principles , belongs to a state called Russia , " he said , pointing out that Russia was an OSCE member and it was not the organisation 's policy to challenge members ' sovereignty .
He was the only son of Isildur to serve in the army of the Last Alliance, fighting in the Battle of Dagorlad and accompanying his father into Mordor during the Siege of Barad-dûr
" Local radio and television there ( in Zvornik ) are advising people to step back and take it easy .
After the Rohirrim army arrives, both of them rush outside the city gates and faces their foes together before Hirluin is slain in view of his friend
Surrey all-rounder Adam Hollioake was making his England debut , replacing Lancashire batsman Graham Lloyd , with seamer Peter Martin again being omitted from the 13 .
China will resume sovereignty over Hong Kong , a British colony , in mid-1997 .
In Peter Jacksons film "", when Gandalf first arrives at Bag End, Bilbo offers to open a bottle of the Old Winyards from TA 2856 (SR 1256) that was laid down by his father, Bungo Baggins
Radagast volunteers to create a diversion with his sled of Rhosgobel rabbits, drawing the Warg-riders away from Thorin and company, who are able to reach the safety of the Hidden Valley of Rivendell
Tulkas will wrestle with Morgoth, but it will be by the hand of Túrin that finally death and destruction will be dealt to Melkor
It happens again when the One Ring is at last destroyed by Gollum at the Crack of Doom, in spite of Frodos failure to relinquish it, which brought a sudden end to all evil
When the news of Saurons defeat in the South came to the ears of the enemy, they became dismayed and the Dwarves and Men came forth from the mountain and routed them, driving them back to the river Redwater, never troubling them again
Haleths only appearance is at Helms Deep, where he has a grim conversation with Aragorn, telling Aragorn that the men believe that they will not survive the night
His name Laiqalassë is the Quenya rendering of "Legolas", from the primitive Quenya words "laica" ("green") and "lassë" ("leaf")
"Orodruin" was the common Sindarin name for Mount Doom
He used it twice to get past the Two Watchers guarding the Tower of Cirith Ungol
It was named Cheeseweb so that the Evil players could not spy on the Good players, and the name has stuck ever since
The name Orophin is either Sindarin or Silvan Elvish
Could some of you who know this Wikia better than I do, please create the blurb for the feature? Some guidelines for setting up the Featured Wikia are at
The translation went one step further by also changing all languages akin to Westron
S. Campbell 69 ; G. Rose 7-73 ) .
Demons - Dragons - Drúedain - Dúnedain - Dunlendings - Durins Folk - Dwarves E
It was similar to cram in that it was nourishing and made to travel but unlike cram was more tasty
ROME 1996-08-28
Iran has hanged two drug traffickers in the southern city of Shiraz , the evening newspaper Resalat reported on Saturday .
Although Christie , who is not racing the individual 100 metres in Berlin , took his time to agree to run , the veteran was clearly delighted to be part of the tribute to the black American .
The report , which could not be independently verified on Wednesday night , said Pessina was sentenced in Italy to eight years and 11 months in prison for robbery and illegal weapons and explosives possession .
In 2710, the Dunlendings captured the mostly-deserted fortress of Isengard, and held it in defiance of the Rohirrim
In March a Turkish Cypriot airliner hijacked while on a flight from northern Cyprus to Istanbul landed in Sofia airport to refuel before landing in Munich , where the hijacker was arrested .
It is a tower within the corrupted swamp of Agarnaith, which lay in a valley directly east of Mount Doom, and southeast of Barad-dûr
It was thought to be just south of the North Moors and about thirty miles north of Needlehole
It was not immediately clear if there were any casualties among the rebels , who are fighting for independence for minority Tamils in the Indian Ocean island 's north and east .
During the times of the Three Prayers the eagles would not descend, but would remain in the sky and hover above all those present at the ceremony
When Celebrimbor sent two of the Rings north to Gil-galad for safekeeping, Gil-galad passed one of them, Narya the Ring of Fire, to Círdan
It was a house of musicians who bore a silver harp upon fields of black on their banner and mail
In the original Common Speech, the name was "Kuduk" (Hobbit), derived from the actual Rohirric "Kûd-dûkan" (hole-dweller)
2. Noriyuki Haga ( Japan ) Yamaha 38:30.140
We got the information from KDP leaders in KDP headquarters in Saladdin , " the official , who asked not to be identified , told Reuters .
Almarian was the daughter of a Númenórean sailor Vëantur, the Captain of the Kings Ships under Tar-Elendil
A Dutch couple who manage a farm in northern Costa Rica have been kidnapped by an unidentified group demanding $ 1.5 million in ransom , authorities said on Monday .
However, Azog realized that the armies could not fight on two fronts, and sent the rest of his army to Dale to cut them off
NORTHAMPTON , England 1996-08-29
- Irish exploration company Ivernia and its South African partner Minorco have received planning permission from the local county council for a major lead and zinc mine at Lisheen , County Tipperary .
Forochel is a Sindarin word that meant Northern ice
"" has its own distinct pool of themes
Issuer : Birmingham Public Park & Rec .
The name "Nenya" is derived from the Quenya "nén" ("water")
BOXING - PRINCE NASEEM RETAINS WBO FEATHERWEIGHT TITLE .
Earlier on Saturday , an Iraqi Kurd leader said both Iraqi troops and Kurdistan Democratic Party ( KDP ) forces were attacking the city of Arbil in northern Iraq .
The Green Elves of Ossiriand had sent word to Felagund begging him to remove the Men from their lands
King Dáin I and his son Frór of the Grey Mountains were both slain at the doors of their hall by a great cold-drake
Above Dimrost, the Men of Brethil had constructed a wooden bridge to cross the Celebros
They were usually friendly and happy-go-lucky, although they were often shy of Men
Hekmatyar rejoined the government as prime minister last June under a peace pact with Rabbani and has since been trying to persuade other opposition factions to follow suit .
During the War of the Ring, the abandoned city gained strategic importance as a crossing point over the Anduin, both for the Men of Gondor and Orcs of Mordor
Kansas feedlot cattle market quiet , no sales - USDA .
They would remain here until the end of the world, at which point they are prophesized to arise for the Final Battle, the Dagor Dagorath
Ireland 's most experienced player , defender Paul McGrath , was left out of the national squad for the first time in 11 years on Tuesday when new manager Mick McCarthy named his side to face Liechtenstein in a World Cup qualifier .
The Elves of Eressëa used to set a branch of "oiolairë" upon their ships "in token of friendship with Ossë and Uinen
While trying to corral them, Merry stabs and injures one of his arms; another Orc tries attacking them with an axe, but Uglúk fatally strikes him with his mace because of orders to take the hobbits alive
MOSCOW 1996-08-26
" If we 're to stay in Saudi Arabia , we need to have total cooperation , " Specter said .
- The Angolan Chief of State addressed a letter to UN Security Council proposing dates for the conclusion of the peace process in Angola .
Machado , 19 , flew to Los Angeles after slipping away from the New Mexico desert town of Las Cruces , where she attended the 1996 Miss Teen USA pageant on Wednesday .
Vardamir was heir to the Kingship of Númenor, noted as an exceptional scholar whose only desire was to study, not to rule
Cyprien , who won his one French cap against Italy in February 1994 , cannot play in Switzerland or elsewhere until May next year .
Marta Fajardo insisted her daughter , who weighed 112 pounds ( 51 kg ) when she won the Miss Universe title in Las Vegas in May , had perfectly normal eating habits .
For the Good Campaign, Brand was not seen and the host assaulting Lonely Mountain was directly from Dol Guldur, with plenty of Orcs, Haradrim, and Trolls alongside the Easterlings
Ericsson says wins 1.2 bln SKR China order .
8. Giuseppe Citterio ( Italy ) Aki
Elven Rope was a special kind of rope made by the Elves
" I am reluctant to speculate but we are doing the preparations and the secretary-general is anxious to start the program , " said Undersecretary-General Yasushi Akashi .
G. Lloyd not out 2
"Fíriel" is a Quenya name, meaning mortal woman
His heart was restless in Númenor and before succeeding his father, he went on many voyages around the world travelling east, north, and south but never west as many yearned to do but never could because of the Ban of the Valar
Arda Marred is the name given to the world as it is: the world after the wars of the Valar and Melkor, and the dispersing of Melkors fëa in the entire world
Guangzhou uses up 500,000 such containers each day , the newspaper said .
Their rejoicing is short-lived, as the raven goes on to describe the army of humans and Elves marching toward them, as well as the suffering of Lake-town’s people, who feel they deserve some share of the treasure in the mountain
The Balchoth do not reappear in sources after this, although Easterlings continued to trouble Rohan, killing Eorl and finally being driven off by his son, Brego
The gate, however, was impregnable for the Orcs standard rams, before Gothmog had Grond wheeled unto the field
The combined army of Elves and Númenóreans drove Saurons forces out of Eriador
PARIS 1996-08-29
However, he failed to realize before his demise that Aragorn was leading those ships
John Rateliff notes in "The History of The Hobbit;" Like the Britain of Geoffrey of Monmouth and Aegidius of Ham, Bilbo’s world is full of anachronisms, from policemen on bicycles to mantle clocks; in this The Hobbit resembles works like Dunsany’s ‘The Bird of the Difficult Eye’ and ‘The Long Porter’s Tale’ (both in The Last Book of Wonder [1916]) more than, say, the neo-medieval romances of William Morris
Rwanda said on Saturday that Zaire had expelled 28 Rwandan Hutu refugees accused of being " trouble-makers " in camps in eastern Zaire .
Suu Kyi said at least 61 democracy supporters had been arrested since May , and about 30 of them had been sentenced , most to long prison terms .
The eventual death of Durin the Deathless occurred before the end of the First Age
Dutroux , 39 , who was charged last week with the abduction and illegal imprisonment of two other girls aged 14 and 12 , is one of several suspects in the Marchal and Lambrecks case .
Alone, Bronzes two components are fairly weak, but when smelted together became a strong, corrosion resistant alloy that was useful in nearly every field of metalworking, from weapons and armor, to tools, to rings and other jewelry
BEIJING 1996-08-30
"Ereg" - thorn, holly "Eryn "- Sindarin word for Wood or Forest
3. Jarmo Kytolehto ( Finland ) Ford Escort 2:37
The Men of the North most associated with the use of the longbow were those from the city-states of Dale and Lake-town
Balar can refer to: The Ban of the Valar was a decree by Manwë on the Númenóreans and the Ñoldorin exiles
Such was the fear inspired by the Army of the Dead that Angbor was the only man who had courage enough to meet with Aragorn, who instructed him to gather his men and ride to the aid of Minas Tirith
The Men of Bree were mostly of Dunlendish, Middle Men stock who were probably in the area from as far back as the Second Age by those escaping the influence of Sauron
After the breaking of the siege, it is now ruled by King Thorin III Stonehelm who must deal with some of the enemys army still remaining near his lands
Steady rain had kept any planting and he had gotten no rest in light of the fact that notwithstanding college obligations he had been drafting guidelines and regulations
15. Pedro Diniz ( Brazil ) Ligier 1:54.700
However, it is unrecorded whether Melian and the Five Guardians assisted Oromë in accompanying the Eldar on their Great Journey
Trapped between the two Ñoldorin forces, the Orcs fought for ten days, encircled at the Fens of Serech
Prasad Wagle , another former senior JavaSoft engineer who is among the founding engineers at Internet Startup , said the new company aims to build software infrastructure using Java to make networked applications ubiquitious .
Bowling ( to date ) : Lewis 9-1-49-0 , Mullally 9-3-28-0 , Croft
Standings after games played on Friday ( tabulate under won ,
Adrian Warner
BELGRADE 1996-08-24
International Philippine coconut oil prices as reported by the United Coconut Associations of the Philippines ( dollars per tonne cif Europe ) .
7 - Bogdan Prusek ( Sokol Tychy )
England were dismissed for 242 in their second innings on the fifth day of the third and final test at The Oval on Monday leaving Pakistan requiring 48 runs to win .
This was the first time weapons specifically designed for real warfare, and not hunting were to be made by one of the Children of Ilúvatar
Gilraen was the wife of Arathorn II and mother of Aragorn II, the future King Elessar of the Reunited Kingdom
The only other holder of the title was Dior Eluchîl, son of Beren and Lúthien who was Thingols grandson and heir
INDICATORS - Hungary - updated Aug 22 .
Shadab Kabir 2 4 0 87 35 21.75
The Battle of Pelargir was the battle in which Aragorn and company, with the aid of the Army of the Dead, drove away the Corsairs from Gondors coastal city of Pelargir
To obtain these, it requires special methods
Orc armies peeling off from the assault on Lothlórien tried to enter Rohan via this route, while most of its men had left to fight at Minas Tirith, but the Ents of Fangorn forest counterattacked on The Wold and destroyed the invading force
INDICATORS - Spain - updated August 29 .
In this meaning of the word, Ents are one of the staples of fantasy and folklore/mythology, alongside wizards, knights, princesses, and dragons, although modern English-speakers would probably not call them by their traditional name. Tolkiens Ents are very different from traditional Ents, appearing as humanoid trees
Elrond firmly stated that while the Three Rings were not idle, they were not made as weapons of war, but were made to preserve and heal
MUZAFFARABAD , Pakistan 1996-08-25
LONDON 1996-08-28
Caddick 57.2 10 165 6 27.50
Only some take money , " Sri Lankan boatman Chinnathambi said .
LONDON 1996-08-25
Over 20,000 people have been killed in the PKK 's fight for independence or autonomy in southeastern Turkey .
It is unlikely that Sauron had Uruk Berserkers in his army
Bilbo cries out in protest, claiming the people of Lake-town are innocent
She was the wife of Agathor, to whom she bore Manthor and Hunthor
PRESS DIGEST - Spain - Aug 29 .
The food poisoning epidemic caused by the O-157 colon bacillus in Sakai appears to be " settling down " , Health Minister Naoto Kan was quoted by a government spokesman as telling the cabinet .
The Elvish neo-languages is the conventional name of the various attempts of use and develop the Elvish languages after the death of J.R.R. Tolkien
8 - Lindsay Davenport ( U.S. ) beat Henrietta Nagyova ( Slovakia ) 6- 0 6-4
-- John Gilardi , Frankfurt Newsroom , +49 69 756525
Men of Bree lived mostly in houses on Bree-hill, and often met and socialised at the Inn of the Prancing Pony
9. Iceland 8.35
" Everyone was fooled , " said pet shop owner Shane Drew , who unknowingly traded the disguised birds .
It was at this place where the light of the Two Lamps mingled
2006 85,000
He was described as being stern, dispassionate and never forgetting a thing
Some of these are based on his Disney films, but other stage hits include "Little Shop of Horrors" (1982), "A Christmas Carol" (1994) and "Sister Act" (2009)
The Blackwolds were a group of Men invented solely for the PC game "The Lord of the Rings Online"
With his dark sorcery, Wulfrun battles the heroes, but fails to destroy them and dies himself
"Arroch" is translated in Sindarin as noble horse
Melians main line of descent was of the Half-elven, and through her daughter the Maian blood passed to both Elves and Men
It is said by the Eldar that the art of preparing the lembas came from the Vala Yavanna as far back to the Elves’ Great Journey to Aman, when she brought to them a special corn grown on her fields there
Guided by the light of a Silmaril, Eärendil navigated Vingilot through the Shadowy Seas to the Blessed Realm of Aman; he was the first Mortal to do so
soccer matches played over the weekend and Tuesday :
Jan Siemerink ( Netherlands ) beat Carlos Moya ( Spain ) 7-6
Celebrimbor points out though that the Ranger wanted revenge, and thus he gave him the means to do so
CNN quoted aides and family members as saying Lamm , who competed with Perot to head the ticket for Perot 's party , had told them he would definitely not endorse Perot , but they did not know whether he would endorse another candidate .
" I do n't know what the source of the Dnevi Avaz report is , but it is consistent with what I have heard from western diplomats and from inside the OSCE , " said an OSCE staff member in Sarajevo who asked not to be named .
In Peter Jacksons "", the sword is adorned with two gleaming horses heads touching noses above the grip; the book describes it as "a long sword in a scabbard clasped with gold and set with green gems." Théoden wields the sword in his left hand in the films
Xiao Qiang , executive director of the New York-based group Human Rights in China , said Wang 's arrest on Friday appeared to be part of the national " Strike Hard " campaign that has imprisoned thousands and sent hundreds to their death .
They had finer quality weapons and armor, as well as better-trained soldiers
JERUSALEM 1996-08-31
His epithets, "Erchamion" ("one-handed") and "Camlost" ("empty-handed"), both contain the Sindarin word "cam" ("hand")
A message from the West this week from U.S. President Bill Clinton congratulated Ukraine on the anniversary , promising to support market reforms and praising Ukraine as a " stabilising factor " in a united Europe .
Irene Marushko
Philip Maslowe , chief financial officer of the preschool and child care company , said the buyback " offered an opportunity to reduce the company 's weighted average interest costs and improve future cash flows and earnings . "
After the War of Wrath, the inland Sea of Helcar was drained into the Belegaer, and the region ceased to be a strait
In "The Lord of the Rings Online", on the day when the One Ring was destroyed, an unknown calamity had taken place in Rhûn
McCurry said Chelsea has asked to go on the train trip and attend the convention where her father will be renominated , but said her exposure did not signal the start of a new political career .
He also seemed to enjoy watching the Wargs attacking the Dwarves
LAS CRUCES , N.M. 1996-08-22
It was probably under Fallohide rule that the Harfoots migrated westward beyond Weathertop and reached Bree
WARSAW 1996-08-23
PARIS 1996-08-24
Gorkil and his army destroys all the Hobbits and all the Dúnedain in the area, destroying the Four seats of power and conquering buildings like The Green Dragon Inn and Farmer Maggots orchard
After a meeting arranged by Gil-galad in Lindon, Elrond allows Celebrimbor to examine a small fragment of mithril
With the Gondorian ships of the Dawn Star and the Silver Wing alongside the Elven ships of the Dreamchaser and the Nárelenya, the heroes set out on the sea of Belegaer to search for what remains of the Island of Númenor
Sam suspected that there was some devilry at work in the Shire, and exclaimed that he had to go home, but Galadriel said he could not go home alone, and should not blindly trust what he saw in the mirror
He was slain in battle with the Men of Harad and Corsairs of Umbar in TA 1540 and was succeeded by his son Vinyarion
In apparent retaliation for NATO 's detention of the Serbs , an angry Serb mob including policemen trapped six unarmed U.N. police monitors and three local aides in their office in the town of Zvornik , east of Mahala .
1. Davis Kamoga ( Uganda ) 45.15 seconds
Since the line of Isildur was thought to have ended, no one could call upon the Dead Army to aid them in their hours of need, as they would only answer to an Heir of Isildur
Not knowing that she was his sister, Túrin named her "Níniel" (tear maiden) and took her to his home with the folk of Brandir
Oromë is described as a mighty lord and a great huntsman, as he would often train his folk and beasts in pursuit of evil creatures
COLORADO AT ST LOUIS
VIENNA 1996-08-26
The shards of Narsil were passed down as an heirloom by the heirs of Isildur among the Dúnedain of the North
The students staged a violent nine-day demonstration at the university to demand unification with North Korea .
The name "Glamdring" is Quenya for "Foe-hammer", from the Ñoldorin word "dring" ("beat, strike")
Unsurprisingly, the province over which she ruled was light, to the extent where it was said that ""in light is her power and her joy"." Even before Melkor first began to create his discord, Varda knew his mind well, and rejected him because of it, and was always his enemy from that moment on
At least eight U.S. states have still some form of litigation pending , said John Head , spokesman for the Association of Lloyd 's State Chairmen , a group representing U.S. Names .
2. Eveningperformance 16-1 ( Chris Rutter )
About 80 Chinese dissidents are believed to be living in exile in Hong Kong .
He was also one of the many uncles of Bilbo Baggins
Amon Rûdh is Sindarin for "bald hill" from "amon" ("hill")
Saurons forces were defeated in the Battle of Dagorlad on the plain outside Mordor, and the army of the Last Alliance entered Saurons realm and laid siege to Barad-dûr
Trolls began to crash through the lines of infantry, and the Orcs and Easterlings made renewed assaults on the Army of the West, encircling it
3. Paul Koech ( Kenya ) 13:06.45
" We do n't feel our club represents Palestinian Arabs , " said club chairman Abdul Rahman . "
3. Aliuska Lopez ( Cuba ) 12.85
Within four minutes Ouedec was returning the compliment for Djorkaeff , playing a one-two with the Internazionale Milan forward down the middle to set him up for a cross shot past diving goalkeeper Osvaldo Sanchez .
"Elear" - Sindarin word for Visionary
He was educated at Londons Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, and in 1994 began acting in TV series and short productions
CINCINNATI AT FLORIDA
After this the Towers of the Teeth were again abandoned and fell into ruin, eventually claimed by the servants of the Dark Lord
-- Paris School District No 7 , Ark .
In the chapter "Over Hill and Under Hill" Tolkien states, "It is not unlikely that they invented some of the machines that have since troubled the world, especially the ingenious devices for killing large numbers of people at once, for wheels and engines and explosives always delighted them." Appearance
Joining Chang into the second round was Wimbledon runner-up MaliVai Washington , the 11th seed , who also needed four sets to get past talented Moroccan Karim Alami 6-4 2-6 7-6 ( 7-5 ) 6-1 .
Turgon was a Ñoldorin Elf of Gondolin, second son of Fingolfin, brother of Fingon, Aredhel, Argon, and father of Idril
Buldar returned from the battle with "a wound, a sword and a woman"
This crown was used from the beginning of the Third Age until the reign of Atanatar II the Glorious, who fashioned a new jeweled crown, of silver
German-based striker Bachirou Salou returned home to Togo to score the decisive only goal of their tie against Congo .
Yasser Arafat will meet Shimon Peres in Gaza on Thursday after Palestinians said the right-wing Israeli government had barred the Palestinian leader from flying to the West Bank for talks with the former prime minister .
Milan 's player of the year George Weah missed a good first half opportunity but otherwise looked a little rusty while Italian team mate Roberto Baggio did not play due to injury .
Doctor Masserigne Ndiaye said medical staff were overwhelmed with work . "
After an unsuccessful attack by Men and Elves on the fortress of Carn Dûm, the Witch-king contemplates his next move
CRICKET - ENGLAND V PAKISTAN TOSS AND TEAMS .
ST HELENS , England 1996-08-26
"Witch-king Battle" features a small fortress with a catapult and a spinning wheel
17. Ukyo Katayama ( Japan ) Tyrrell 1:55.371
6. Carmen Wuestenhagen ( Germany ) 4:10.38
WASHINGTON 1996-08-30
Weaver had been reported after being found guilty of irresponsible riding at the provincial track of Pontefract 10 days ago .
A number of fans however, remain unimpressed and unconvinced by Jacksons explanations, and have complained that Faramir was changed into a carbon copy of Boromir and have commented that Tolkien himself, who once likened himself to Faramir, would not have liked the way the film characterized him
Thorpe 13 4 19 0 -
Algerian security forces said in a statement that two people were killed and six were wounded when a home-made bomb ripped through a restaurant in the coastal town of Staoueli .
When the Dúnedain exiled from Númenor came to Middle-earth at the end of the Second Age, the Men of Bree became part of Arnor, and after it became divided, the Kings of Cardolan claimed it; however, from the early 15th century onward it retained a certain degree of independence
The name Dagmor may from the Sindarin words "dag" ("slay") and "môr" ("dark, darkness")
Not yet strong enough to challenge the White Council, Sauron fled from Dol Guldur to escape detection by Gandalf, allowing for four centuries of peace
Several hundred workers also marched in the western town of Indre where 500 or 1,600 jobs are at risk .
Aulë chose Curumo (Saruman), Oromë chose Alatar and Pallando (the Blue Wizards), and Manwë chose Olórin (Gandalf)
The Quenya used in Middle-earth in the Third Age (the time of the setting of "The Lord of the Rings") had come to be a scholarly pursuit — something akin to in the real world
TRIPOLI , Lebanon 1996-08-25
Seven years later, Morgoths forces invaded Hithlum, and Fingon was hard-pressed and outnumbered, but Círdan and the people of the Falas, who came up the Firth of Drengist rescued them in their ships
3. Johan Museeuw ( Belgium )
Gaurwaith was a Sindarin word that meant "Wolf-Men"
Some of the losses were replenished by a wave of Northmen settlers from Rhovanion
His father-name was "Telperinquar", which means "Silver fist" or "Hand of silver" in Quenya
She cared little for ships and the sea, though her father was a great sailor
He was the only Ringwraith whose name was given by J.R.R. Tolkien, as well as one of the six Ringwraiths not of Númenórean descent
Later in the First Age the second kindred, Men, and Ilúvatars adopted children, the Dwarves, also awoke
Shearer 's Euro 96 striking partner Teddy Sheringham withdrew from the squad with an injury on Friday .
Elrond discovers the entrance to the old mine and enters, where he is soon discovered by Durin, who is aggravated to be found out
Authorities in Kassala said opposition forces based in Eritrea have been laying landmines and stealing vehicles and other goods to smuggle them across the border into Eritrea .
In SA 3429, Sauron sent a great army against Minas Ithil in a surprise attack
Herugrim was an ancient sword, an heirloom of the royalty in Rohan
A header from Helmer and an acrobatic strike from Klinsmann gave Bayern a two-goal cushion at halftime .
Steve Pagani
Tengwar can, however, be used to write many other languages
" There are no parks or empty areas of land around here , so when we want to play a friendly game of soccer we all load up in the car and travel to Tel Aviv , " 60 km ( 36 miles ) away , Sameh Haj Yihye said .
Japan coalition party leader plans to resign .
Leaders of the major parties involved , from right-wing whites to radical blacks , appeared before Archbishop Desmond Tutu 's Truth and Reconciliation Commission last week to paint the broad picture of their actions for or against apartheid .
In "The Lord of the Rings", "the Elven tongue" refers to Sindarin
The RMT spokesman said that near the eastern city of Turnhout , a group of boy scouts camping in a low-lying meadow had to be evacuated as water flooded their tents .
The name comes from the Nandorin words "dene" ("strong, lithe") and "thara" ("tall, slender"), and gives the name a meaning of "Lithe and lank"
In Durins Bane is shown in a cutscene during the Bridge Khazad-dûm fight
Silversmith to create 15 replicas of the One Ring
Finally , Gilbertson said a growing proportion of Gencor 's income was coming from offshore and unlisted investments .
Valandil means "Devoted to the Valar", from "Vala" and "-ndil" ("friend, devoted to"), in Quenya
Finally, common names given to the people of Rohan tend to resemble names of Old English
To add to Newcastle 's misery , England striker Les Ferdinand was stretchered off in the second half .
FRANKFURT 1996-08-22
Dáin Ironfoot and the folk of the Iron hills used a metal mesh which they made in to armor for the legs
There are no prayers today , " an Israeli soldier yelled at Jamil in Hebrew .
Next to his battle axe, the weapon Gimli used most in these films is his walking axe, which he used against the Warg-riders in defense of the Rohirrim villagers
Principal photography for "The Lord of the Rings" film trilogy was conducted concurrently in New Zealand for 438 days from 11 October 1999 through 22 December 2000
Galvorn was said to be as hard as Dwarf-steel, while remaining supple and malleable
State chief minister M. Karunanidhi has publicly welcomed the refugees , who are fleeing the 13-year war between Tamil separatists and government troops that Colombo says has cost 50,000 lives .
The ranger and the wraith then proceed to Nurnen, where they use the rings power to build an army and take over the region; Subsequently, they are betrayed by an ally in the process, only to exact revenge on him with utter cruelty
They were not akin to the Edain, but more like to the Men of Dunland
During the Long Winter of TA 2758 to TA 2759, the Corsairs of Umbar attacked Gondor, and Rohan came under attack from the Dunlendings
Japan declares food poisoning threat receding .
In addition, possession of the Arkenstone grants the holder the right to summon the seven armies of the Dwarves, an inherent contradiction given that Thrór does not possess it at the time of the Battle of Azanulbizar
IN-NAZZJON
Nothing is stated of the staves description
The Faithful managed to escape the catastrophe, led by Elendil and his sons Isildur and Anárion on nine ships
Bob Willis ( England ) 325 , 90
A. Campbell lbw b McGrath 9
" I was pretty tight the whole match , " conceded Chang , one of the hottest players on tour this summer with a 16-2 record on hardcourts that included two titles and a runner-up finish .
Narsil briefly appears in "" Extended Edition
Sauron forged the One Ring to rule the others around SA 1600, and Celebrimbor hid from him the Three Elven Rings of Power that he had made, without Saurons knowledge
Elrond, in particular, in his complacency, said its "hardly a prelude to war." Further down the road, Gandalf saw further proof of rising evil: Azog has come out of Moria for the first time since his defeat, and payed homage to the Necromancer, rallying more and more Moria Orcs to Dol Guldur
Hazad, also known as Hazad Longbeard, was a man of Agar in Middle-earth
Elrond summoned the Elves of Lindon, Rivendell, and Lórien to march against Angmar to destroy it forever
To loud applause , he added : " We will enter Doboj , untie the Doboj knot and ensure free movement for all .
At Hove : Sussex 363 and 144 , Lancashire 218 and 53-0 .
Partizan ( Yugoslavia ) , Alba ( Germany ) , Dinamo ( Russia ) and Benetton ( Italy ) are also taking part in the event which continues until Saturday .
HONG KONG 1996-08-31
BEIJING 1996-08-24
Jan Kroslak ( Slovakia ) beat Chris Woodruff ( U.S. ) 2-6 6-4 3-6 6 - 2 7-6 ( 7-1 )
Pirelli is linking with Hong Kong-based group CITIC Pacific in a venture to be called the Wuxi Tong Ling Company Ltd , which will operate in partnership with a local industrial company at its existing factory in Wuxi , Jiangsu province , Shanghai .
Khan , Mushtaq Ahmed , Waqar Younis , Mohammad Akam
The American League Western leaders have won eight of 15 games at Jacobs Field , joining the Yankees as the only teams with a winning record at the A.L. Central leaders ' home .
MAHALA , Bosnia 1996-08-31
YORK , England 1996-08-22
After a fierce battle Turch and the heroes defeat the Raven chief and bring peace among the Dunlendings
Larisa Sayenko
8. Servais Knaven ( Netherlands ) TVM
In Peter Jacksons film trilogy, the jewel is replaced by the Evenstar, a silver necklace with a white stone, which is given to Aragorn by Arwen in Rivendell
VIENNA 1996-08-29
( Germany ) 70 67 65 , Ronan Rafferty 64 72 66 , Barry Lane
2. Colin Montgomerie 429,449
Aidan Quinn portrays Harry Boland , Collins ' best friend , and rival for the love of Kitty Kiernan , played by Roberts .
Months later, the Battle of Bywater in the Shire against Ruffians led by Saruman, and the subsequent killing of Saruman by Wormtongue, ended the War of the Ring
NOVYE ATAGI , Russia 1996-08-22
The Dwarves of Nogrod were famous for the craftsmanship of their weapons
In "The Battle of the Five Armies", he makes a brief cameo during the battle, shifting from man to bear form as he arrives with the Great Eagles, attacking several goblins and wargs
10. Nathalie Lancien ( France ) 8
PRESS DIGEST - Iraq - Aug 24 .
As King Valacars only son, Eldacar was the legitimate heir to the throne, but his half Northmen lineage angered those who believed in a pure Dúnedain royalty
Corser , who crashed during practice on Friday , limped in fourth , four seconds behind Takeda with championship leader Aaron Slight of New Zealand 11 seconds behind the winner .
In 1993 , she fell in Rome and broke three ribs .
Companies that can change their culture and view employees as business partners will do well , O'Neal said .
Collinelli qualified in second place , also beating his old record in 4:17.696 .
Third seed Thomas Muster of Austria also charged into the second round with a 6-1 7-6 ( 7-2 ) 6-2 romp over Javier Frana of Argentina .
Li said Kim had been critically ill with a cerebral haemorrhage .
As in the book, the spiders are capable of speech that Bilbo can understand when he is wearing the One Ring
"Hrávandil" is another name of Radagast in Quenya and means "Wild beast friend", from "hravan" ("wild beast") and "-ndil" ("friend")
Separatist guerrillas planted two bombs overnight at government offices on the French Mediterranean island of Corsica despite fresh warnings of a crackdown by Paris , police said on Thursday .
Ally McCoist is also in great scoring form at the moment . "
Given their smaller size, ponies were the usual mount of choice for small-statured peoples such as Hobbits and Dwarves
3. Carla Sacramento ( Portugal ) 4:08.96
Grand Prix athletics meeting on Friday :
There were a total of twelve Shirriffs at a time, three for each Farthing, though more could be appointed in time of need (as happened around TA 3001)
Mandos delivered the Prophecy of the North, pronouncing doom on the Ñoldor for the Kinslaying and warning that if they continued they would not recover the Silmarils and moreover that there would be great grief in the tragedy that would befall them
This allowed Djorkaeff to play further up and his cross from the right fell for Ouedec , who has joined Espanyol of Barcelona from Nantes since missing the European championship finals through injury , to score after a mistake by midfielder Joaquin del Olmo .
Barliman was a stout, good-hearted man, notorious for his very bad memory, about which he said "One thing drives out another"
Then Gandalf, the sons of Elrond and Aragorn led the army of the west to the Black Gate of Mordor
The average lifespan of a Hobbit was about 100 years, though it was not unusual for a Hobbit to live as many as three decades beyond that
However, Peter Jackson liked the idea of the robe flowing up into the helmet and this was retained for the final version
1. Gail Devers ( U.S. ) 10.89 seconds
Ossë is grieved but obey their wishes and taught them the art of shipbuilding, giving them also a gift of swans by which their ships were drawn over the sea
292 Wayne Westner ( South Africa ) 77 68 73 74 , Sven Struver (
RUGBY UNION - LYNAGH SEALS VICTORY OVER DWYER AND LEICESTER .
In J.R.R. Tolkiens books, Warg-riders or wolf-riders are occasionally alluded to, but no leader is specified
The Sack of Rhovanion was the fall of the Northmen land of Rhovanion to the Wainriders
It will be Jorge 's first game in charge of the national squad since taking over from Antonio Oliveira , who now coaches Porto , at the end of Euro 96 .
FLORIDA AT CINCINNATI
Once the player has obtained all mithril items, Jímlí becomes a playable character
Elrond was also familiar with ósanwe, the skill of entering others minds
Most Dunlendings are simple farmers and herdsmen and their buildings are made of wood, straw and raw stone
2. Claudia Mues ( Germany ) 18.80
In TA 1050, the late King Ciryandils son Ciryaher defeated the Haradrim force by sending troops by land, crossing the Harnen, and by sea
The new French connection at Harlequins also made a good start , Laurent Cabannes and Laurent Benezech scoring a try apiece in their side 's 75-19 victory over Gloucester .
"The Return of the King" made movie history as the highest-grossing film opening on a Wednesday and was the second film after "Titanic" to earn over US$1 billion worldwide
Along with and , it was one of only three major film production facilities in
Men 's javelin :
SOCCER - SCOTTISH LEAGUE STANDINGS .
Perhaps the many forested areas survived the dominion of Men in the later ages but it is not known
Jan Kroslak ( Slovakia ) vs. Chris Woodruff ( U.S. )
8. Wayne Riley ( Australia ) 239,733
Sarumans hordes of Uruk-hai and disgruntled Dunlendings burned many villages in the Westfold and destroyed a Rohirric army led by prince Théodred (himself mortally wounded) in the Battle of the Fords of Isen
Later, Ar-Pharazôn proud and determined to lord over all mankind sailed to Middle-earth in a great fleet with a great army and defeated Saurons armies humbling him and taking him back to Númenor as prisoner
" A U.S. F-14 military plane while landing at Ben Gurion airport blew a wheel and a fire broke out , " said spokesman Yehiel Amitai , adding that the two pilots on board were not injured .
They said the body of Amer Hishem Ali Mohammed , 23 , was found in a pool of blood in Sliema , seven km ( four miles ) from Valletta , on Wednesday morning .
The Battle of the Hornburg, known in various adaptations as the Battle of Helms Deep, was the first large-scale battle of the War of the Ring, where the Rohirrim under King Théoden defended the Hornburg from Sarumans army of Dunlendings and Uruk-hai
Collecting and finding the gifts, he learns Celebrimbor was an Elf-Lord who had helped Sauron create the rings of power
It was presumed that Maeglin stole Anguirel when he and his mother Aredhel fled to Gondolin
However, Fëanor mistrusted the Valar and believed the lies and began to horde his treasures and would only allow his beloved father or his sons to see the Silmarils
It is possible that ogres were a mythical monster in Hobbit folklore rather than a real creature
It was built in a natural harbor made of rock on the eastern shores of Aman
Among their possessions were the Palantíri, the Ring of Barahir, the silver rod of the Lords of Andúnië, Narsil and a scion of Nimloth which grew from a fruit Isildur saved before the tree was cut down
Johnson said that long-term interest rates have already been spooked by the election .
But U.S. avocado industry sources said that while they may have delayed the plan for a while , they ultimately do not expect the administration to change its position .
8. Inger Miller ( U.S. ) 11.37
Thorin and Company then charged out to join the battle, covered from head to toe in the finest armour and weapons contained in the treasure hoard of the Lonely Mountain
Masterkova dominated the middle-distance races at the recent Atlanta Games following her return to competition this season after a three-year maternity break .
Edwards was quoted as saying : " What type of character do we show by going to the IAAF Grand Prix Final in Milan where there is a lot of money to make but refusing to make the trip to Sarajevo as a humanitarian gesture ? "
Celebrimbor, lord of Eregion, forged Vilya, Narya, and Nenya around the year SA 1590, without the knowledge of Sauron, in Eregion
Announcing the group 's results for the year ended June 30 , chairman Brian Gilbertson said : " Happily the strong improvement in financial performance is not an illusion arising from the recent weakness of the rand relative to the dollar . "
The name Celeborn consists of the Sindarin terms "celeb" ("silver") and "orn" ("tree")
After a time Thráin II grew restless and set out with a band of companions in TA 2841 to return to the mountain, but was harassed by Orcs and Wargs the whole way
The name Turambar is a Quenya word that means master of doom
A wraith is someone who has been killed yet lives on by some dark sorcery (necromancy or a Morgul-blade), or someone who died in darkness or serious dishonour (the latter are comparable to popular cultures notion of ghosts)
" Our stand is firm , namely we are calling on ( the Russian ) government to end the economic embargo on Iraq and resume trade ties between Russia and Iraq , " he told reporters .
Howard Shore was brought to New Zealand to record an entire segment of the score
1. Joel Smets ( Belgium ) Husaberg
He will probably be replaced by Shearer 's Newcastle team mate Les Ferdinand .
Thorin used Orcrist throughout the rest of the Quest of Erebor to slay goblins in the Goblin caves after the killing of the Great Goblin, but he lost it when he was captured by the Wood-elves of Mirkwood
These early settlements were however the later cores of Arnor and Gondor, and the re-established contact of Númenóreans with their distant kin allowed the Adûnaic tongue to merge with local, far akin languages, eventually leading to the Westron speech
1940 - In World War Two the German airforce under Hermann Goering began its " Blitz " bombing campaign on London .
the other elections will be held on September 14 , " OSCE spokeswoman Agota Kuperman told reporters in Sarajevo .
The Hobbits then devised a plan to surround and trap the Ruffians when they arrived
The two will also discuss various issues affecting relations between the United States and Chile , local officials said .
France beat Mexico 2-0 ( halftime 0-0 ) in a friendly soccer international on Saturday .
In rain-soaked conditions , centre Alan Hunte grabbed a hat-trick of tries , while Tommy Martyn , Anthony Sullivan and Paul Newlove each scored two .
At Florida , Edgar Renteria 's two-out single in the bottom of the ninth inning scored Jesus Tavarez with the winning run as the Florida Marlins edged the Cincinnati Reds 6-5 .
MOSCOW 1996-08-28
Sibonina 55 13/09 Red Sea / Japan W160 Marubeni .
Senior United Nations arms official Rolf Ekeus left Bahrain for Baghdad on Monday for talks with Iraqi officials , a U.N. spokesman said .
GOLF - THUNDERSTORMS FORCE SUSPENSION OF SECOND ROUND IN AKRON .
Zycie Warszawy said its own publisher , mineral water firm Multico , and a group headed by Polish businessman Zygmunt Solorz were forming a consortium which would offer about $ 120 million , with finance provided by BRE .
Círdan was said to have been one of the most skilled Elves in building ships during the Great Journey, especially when the Elves dwelt by the Sea of Rhûn
Johan de Meij studied conducting and the trombone at the Royal Conservatory of The Hague, the oldest conservatory in the Netherlands
The Barrow-wights were shape-shifting beings of darkness, similar in disposition to Wraiths, who dwelt in dark places of Eriador such as the Barrow-downs
The people who inhabited Eriador and Gondor during this period are conventionally called Pre-Númenóreans, because they were there before the Númenóreans arrived from across the Sea
The Swedish death metal band Amon Amarth is named after the Sindarin translation for Mount Doom
13. Scotland 8.29
The United States embassy in Abidjan and international press organisations denounced the sentences as excessive .
A year later, most of Durins Folk abandoned the mountains, leaving for Erebor and the Iron Hills
TOKYO 1996-08-23
I heard them say they were hunting the darkness
The latest diplomatic row between Nigeria 's military government and the club of Britain and its former colonies erupted over the terms of a visit by Commonwealth ministers to discuss Nigeria 's suspension .
Scott Randall of Soundview Financial Group said the company likely would have difficulty selling its modem-chip business .
Galadriel received Nenya, Gil-galad received Vilya and Narya was given to Círdan
In his reign, Ciryandil continued Eärnils naval policies and spent his reign defending the recently captured port of Umbar against the Black Númenóreans who had lived there before, and the Haradrim who wished to capture the port
In fact, using both the direct evidences of primitive Elvish languages and the reconstructive method (thanks to Elvish roots attested in the legendarium) various scholars succeeded in the attempt to reconstruct some forms of Neo-Primitive Quendian and Neo-Eldarin
"Grond" means "club", from the Quenya "rud-" or "runda" ("rough piece of wood")
8. Isaac Galvez-Lopez - Juan Llaneras ( Spain ) 11
6. Alessandro Baronti ( Italy )
At the Hornburg, they resist an onslaught of Orcs and Men sent by Saruman, and Gandalf arrives the next morning with the Westfold army led by Erkenbrand just in time
7. Wilfried Peeters ( Belgium ) Mapei 51
7. Johan Capiot ( Belgium ) Collstrop
1. Max van Heeswijk ( Netherlands ) Motorola 4 hours 39 minutes
Talion (and Celebrimbor) is approached by Lithariel, the daughter of Marwen, Queen of the Tribesmen of Núrnen, who claims her mother has summoned Talion to her chambers
The name Elatan means "star-man" in Quenya
2. Eichmann , Ruch 116
During Lotho Sackville-Bagginss reign over the Shire, the Shirriffs were reorganized
The Free Peoples include Men – Men of Gondor and Rohan, the Dúnedain of the North – as well as the Elves, Dwarves, Beornings and Huorns
" Turkish people are watching closely the developments in Bosnia .
A black church near Camden , Arkansas , about 100 miles ( 161 kms ) south of Little Rock , burned in July , but federal agents have not determined the cause .
Western Province batsman Herschelle Gibbs was the only uncapped player in South Africa 's 14-man squad named on Wednesday for a quadrangular one-day series in Kenya next month .
Wyrms were large serpent like creatures, with slits for eyes and thick grey scales covering their entire body
Make sure to get good armour and equipment before heading in there, as there are far worse things than Orcs in the deep places of the world..
Reagan recovered fully from his wounds but Brady , who was close to death after being shot by John Hinckley Jr .
This causes the Eternal Fire to be transmitted to the other Palantíri and the Mirror, destroying them and the magic of the Elves
The outcome was a rebuff for Meri , failing three times to win backing in his bid for a second term as head of state of the former Soviet republic .
It said investigators believed Stevanin had suffocated them by putting plastic bags on their heads .
Coetzer claimed revenge for the semifinal defeat she suffered to Huber in Melbourne by taking a 6-1 2-6 6-2 victory .
As far as I know , it 's been to four alarms -- more trucks , more people , " said Don Penney of the Rochester Fire Department said .
Durins Folk settled Khazad-dûm in the Years of the Trees, prospering there throughout the First Age
"For a list of individual characters see: List of characters" A
Rollo was born to Otto Boffin and Lavender Grubb
With the first raising of the Sun in the West, Men awoke in Hildórien
Algeria forces kill guerrillas - papers .
They also formed most of the citys army
Ringil was eventually destroyed by Melkor, and collapsed
Geraghty said that the one thing that could completely turn the election around are new findings in the Whitewater scandal that would damage the Clintons .
Other loose parallels between "Beowulf" and Tolkiens writings are the likeness between the Anglo-Saxons and the Men of Rohan, the upsetting of a dragon through the stealing of a chalice by a thief, and the subsequent destruction of the land surrounding the dragons hoard
The name Atanalcar is Quenya for "man-glory"
and East coast , delivered to consumer 65-66 cents / pound
Elanor married Fastred of Greenholm in SR 1451
Irina Spirlea ( Romania ) beat Maria Jose Gaidano ( Argentina ) 6-1 6-2
Women 's singles , first round 1 - Steffi Graf ( Germany ) beat Yayuk Basuki ( Indonesia ) 6-3 7-6 ( 7-4 )
Hoping to avoid war, Bilbo secretly takes the Arkenstone to the camp of the Elves and Men, and gives it to Bard and Thranduil to help with negotiations
The Vile Creature is an enemy creature in the "The Hobbit" (2003 video game)
They differed from normal Dwarves in various ways: they were smaller, far more unsociable, and they freely gave away their names; other Dwarves kept their Khuzdul names and language a secret
The name is from the Quenya Númenórë (which was Anadûnê in Adûnaic): "West-land", which Tolkien translated as Westernesse
The men of Lake-town see the dragon coming and manage to fight back, but all seems lost until the thrush lands on Bards shoulder and informs him of Smaugs weak spot
Along with this gift of freedom, Men were mortal, and hence not forever bound to Arda
The United States said in Washington on Friday that it had brokered a ceasefire to end six days of fighting between the two main Kurdish factions and persuaded them to attend U.S.-mediated peace talks next month .
But two minutes later Wednesday equalised through Peter Atherton , who found space in the penalty area to meet Mark Pembridge 's free kick with a precise glancing header .
News of this came to the remaining Sons of Fëanor, and they attacked the people living in Arvernien, slaying most of them. Círdan and Gil-galad sent ships to their aid, but were too late. But Elwing, to avoid capture, threw herself with the Silmaril into the Sea, leaving her young sons behind
Dourif is especially known for his villainous roles such as Charles Lee Ray/Chucky the killer doll in the "Childs Play" horror series, Mentat Piter DeVries in the 1984 David Lynch film "Dune" (based on Frank Herberts novel), the Gemini Killer in "The Exorcist III" (1990) and his BAFTA and Golden Globe winning portrayal of Billy Bibbit in "" in 1975
Ukraine 's declaration of independence in 1991 , backed nine-to-one by a referendum in December of that year , effectively dealt a death blow to the Soviet empire and ended more than three centuries of rule from Moscow .
10. Keiichi Kitigawa ( Japan ) Suzuki 38:42.333
out , W. Khan 52 ; R. Illingworth 4-54 , S. Lampitt 4-90 ) .
He made digital concept art or color studies for moments such as Frodos vision of apparitions in the Dead Marshes, in "" (2001), of Rivendell under moonlight seen in flashbacks, of Isengard deforested, and others
At Bristol : Gloucestershire 183 and 249 ( J. Russell 75 ) , Northamptonshire 190 and 218-9 .
500 of these archers participated in Battle of the Pelennor Fields in which their lord Duinhir lost both his sons, Derufin and Duilin, who were trampled upon by the Mûmakil
Legolas slays Bolg, while the Gundabad Army is defeated by the Great Eagles and Beorn, summoned by Radagast
15. Masanaga Shiohara ( Japan ) 1:06.615
Elemmírë was a star created by Varda signifying the Awakening of the Elves
Dwarves emerged in Middle-earth in the Years of the Trees, after Elves, but before Men
Germany 's Michael Stich , the 1991 Wimbledon champion , and two-time French Open winner Sergi Bruguera of Spain will face each other next after beating German Tommy Haas 6-3 1-6 6-1 7-5 , and Belgian Kris Goossens 6-2 6-0 7-6 ( 7-1 ) , respectively .
The Wainriders destroyed the Northern Army of Gondor, but survivors linked up with the victorious Southern Army of Gondor, which had destroyed the Haradrim as they crossed the River Poros, led by a general named Eärnil, and they destroyed the Wainriders as they celebrated their victory during the Battle of the Camp
The word Gaffer means "the chief electrician in a film production"
"Déagol" is in fact an Old English translation of the characters Westron name "Nahald"
Mablon was part of a host of Úmanyar, called "Ilkorins", that Tareg led both in the War of Palisor and in the Battle of Unnumbered Tears against Melko and his armies of Goblins, Nauglath, monsters, and wicked Men
He fought in the first Kinslaying but only because he, seeing Elf fighting Elf, believed that the Teleri had been told to prevent the Ñoldor from leaving Aman by force by the Valar
Malaysia bans nitrofuran usage in chicken feed .
Gondor was at the height of its power in its early years due to the ships and the military might that its armies possessed
( Denmark ) 66 68 , Pedro Linhart ( Spain ) 67 67 , Michael
" We are disappointed with the administrator 's decision but we continue to be optimistic regarding an ultimate favorable resolution , " Mark Gildea , chief executive officer , said in a statement .
At one pivotal stage of the battle in Gondolin, Turgon instructed Salgant to take his men to the Great Market
Iraq 's ambassador in Khartoum denounced the hijacking and described it as a terrorist act which had nothing to do " with the morals and values of noble Iraqis , " INA said .
Sletten , a caretaker who has lived on the island for 30 years , said the Norwegian and Russian communities visit frequently , competing at soccer in the summer and with snow-scooter races in the winter .
On the gravestone was written, in the languages of both Gondor and Rohan: The grass flourished on Snowmanes Howe, as the grave was called, but not on the ground where the fell beast was burned
Lille 3 Rennes 1
Glamdring was a sword forged for Turgon in the First Age
His father was Aranwë, a Ñoldo, but his mother was of the Sindarin Elves of the Falas, and kinswoman of Círdan
Ijaz Ahmed not out 58
King Valacar of Gondor became so friendly with the Middle Men of Rhovanion that he married Vidumavi; a princess of the Northmen, and his son Eldacar was of mixed blood
The order included AXE switching equipment , ISDN equipment , Intelligent Network ( IN ) products , broad-band multi-media communication network products , services and training , Ericsson spokesman Per Zetterquist told Reuters .
NABLUS , West Bank 1996-08-30
3. Michelle Ferris ( Australia ) 35.694
TEXAS AT MINNESOTA
In his last appearance, he is seen at the crowning of King Elessar, behind Legolas and in front of Arwen
England
AMMAN 1996-08-25
"The Silmarillion" suggests that Orcs might have been descended from Avarin Elves captured and corrupted by Melkor
BUENOS AIRES 1996-08-22
But Filipovic said he would not quit under pressure . "
Elanor and Lissuin were used to decorate ships during the wedding of Aldarion and Erendis
He was the leader of the treacherous Easterlings after his fathers death and attacked the Eastern Army from their rear with a hidden force of Easterlings
Two-try winger Jeff Wilson said he was so tired that he kept asking Bunce where he should be while defending .
Mallorn nuts were given by Tar-Aldarion, to his friend Gil-galad, the Ñoldorin King of Lindon
The northern assault of the Wainriders was met by the King of Gondor himself, Ondoher, with his two sons Artamir and Faramir, the latter in secret and against the law
The 26-year-old Italian surged past compatriot Michele Bartoli and last year 's winner and defending World Cup champion Johan Museeuw of Belgium in the final few metres of the 237km race .
OTTAWA 1996-08-29
The Númenóreans used Quenya for record keeping, for the names of members of the royal House of Elros and Lords of Andúnië
He was an adept of Darkness
NWE oil products were mixed on Monday but markets were becalmed because of a public holiday in the United Kingdom , traders said .
Most of his bidding is achieved through his various servants such as the Nazgûl and Saruman, who calls him "the Lord of the Earth." Sauron is most extensively depicted in the prologue to "The Fellowship of the Ring", shown forging the One Ring and leading his armies at the Battle of Dagorlad in the War of the Last Alliance
Steaua Bucharest 4 2 0 2 5 7 6
Richard Hadlee ( New Zealand ) 431 , 86
The name "Carnen" is the Sindarin equivalent of "Redwater", the name for the river in the common tongue
Feyenoord midfielder Jean-Paul van Gastel was also named to make his debut in the 18-man squad .
Gopal Sharma
It is known that Terence Tiller briefly talked with Tolkien about what accents should be used concerning Hobbitish
It is known that Tolkien invented new words by "modernizing" out-dated Old English terms (such as Thain from "þegn", mathom from "māþum", and smial from "smygel")
The Reserve Bank of India Governor Chakravarty Rangarajan said on Thursday that a current account deficit of two percent of gross domestic product ( GDP ) was sustainable given the currrent rate of growth .
Bilbo, despite having forfeited his share, was offered a rich reward but refused to take more than two small chests of gold and silver which was still enough to leave him a wealthy Hobbit back in the Shire for 60 years
Tranmere 3 2 1 0 6 3 7
Marriner said NATO forces confiscated 25 long-barreled AK-47 automatic assault rifles from the detained Serbs before setting them free .
Many Orcs and evil Men began to gather on both sides of the Misty Mountains, and Arthedain was in an uneasy watch ever after
16. Jonathan Lomas 181,005
Wasim Akram ( Pakistan ) 300 , 70
Croft 47.4 10 125 2 62.50
He stumbles on a rocky ledge of a hillside and falls down a slope, and two Easterlings nearly find him
Proud of its record in promptly joining both the Council of Europe and NATO 's Partnership for Peace , Ukraine caused a foreign policy wrangle this week , offending China by allowing a Taiwanese minister to appear on a public , if unofficial visit .
" Next week , a small group of representatives from each of our campaigns should meet to address participants , format , timing and logistical issues surrounding the debates , " Dole campaign manager Scott Reed wrote to Clinton campaign manager Peter Knight .
Eagles - Easterlings - Edain - Eldar - Elendili - Elves - Ents F
A police spokesman said the straight , flat stretch of road was often used illegally as a drag strip by Dallas youths .
Chesterfield : Worcestershire 238 ( W. Weston 100 not out , V. Solanki 58 ; A. Harris 4-31 ) , Derbyshire 166-1 ( K. Barnett 83 not out )
The judge overturned a decision to shut down Hen Vipheak 's newspaper .
In ancient times, the Dourhands King Skorgrim, led them to attack the Refuge of Edhelion, an Elvish settlement, seeking for the power of immortality within the relics the Elves kept
In addition , its Polish operation began with some six weeks of delay due to cold winter weather and the test run was also longer than planned .
After Nírnaeth Arnoediad, the ability of the Elves and Men of Beleriand to make war against Morgoth was broken
7. Marc Blume ( Germany ) 10.48
Sun Jian ( China ) beat Marina Andrievskaqya ( Sweden ) 11-8 11-2
Indonesia newspaper reports central bank scandal .
The U.S. 10-year benchmark fell 21/32 to yield 6.95 percent .
The next day Gandalf arrived with thirteen hungry Dwarves. They ate everything Bilbo had to offer, then sang sad songs and listened to their king; Thorin Oakenshield." The mission starts with Thorin and the company discussing the quest to Lonely Mountain
Of all the races in Arda, Men were the easiest to corrupt and drive into temptation and thus were most afflicted by the Darkness
Then, on January 23, 3019, Gandalf and the Balrog climbed the Endless Stair to the summit of the Silvertine
( Azerbaijan ) 1 ( 0-0 )
BEIRUT 1996-08-23
There appears to be no definitive origin of the word "fuinë", though it may have been borrowed into Quenya from Telerin
New Zealand made history on Saturday when they completed their first series victory in South Africa with a 33-26 victory in the second test .
Mark Gleeson
I know Olly 's situation is very unfortunate , but I do n't think we can start giving dispensations , " he said . "
Khuzdul was the language of the Dwarves, written in the 50-letter Cirth script (Runes)
Helm, besieged inside the Súthburg, became gaunt and grim, and eventually began to venture from the fort at night, stalking the camps of the Dunlendings and killing men with his bare hands
However, in TA 2939, Saruman discovered that Saurons servants were searching the Anduin near the Gladden Fields, and that Sauron therefore had learned where Isildur had died and where the One Ring might be
London shares , boosted by Wall Street , added to early gains with the blue chip FTSE 100 index hitting a new peak of 3921.8 before dropping back slightly .
Hazad in his youth was "broad, swarthy, short, though, harsh-tongued, heavy-handed, and quick to violence." However, Hazad loved his mother more than all his siblings, and she loved her youngest son dearly, in return
Mauhúr was sent to reinforce Uglúk and the Uruk-hai Scouts as they returned to Isengard with Merry and Pippin
Though Galadriel wished to continue the search, Thondir and his companions refused, as Gil-galad had given instructions to go no further
Because of their Dunlending background, however, several regional oddities came about in regions that the Stoors had settled in such as Buckland and The Marish
( Switzerland ) 0
He was killed in the Fall of Gondolin by Tuor who cleaved his helm with his axe Dramborleg
While they were just about to do the same at Pelargir, Aragorns forces arrived just in time to give them battle in the streets and harbour of the city
The Anfalas, or "Long Shore", also known as Langstrand in Westron (the Common Tongue), lay between the rivers Lefnui and Morthond, south of the Green Hills of "Pinnath Gelin"
The Northmen people of Rhovanion subsequently became allies of Gondor
" We 've been asked ( by Yemen ) not to comment ( on the talks ) , " said Amoco spokesman Dan Dietsch . "
8. Gianluca Corini ( Italy ) Aki same time
15 - Gabriela Sabatini ( Argentina ) beat Ann Grossman ( U.S. ) 6-2 6 - 3
The Battle of the Plains was a battle between Gondor, its Northmen allies, and the Wainrider invaders
1781 - Los Angeles was founded by Spanish settlers and named " El Pueblo de Nuestra Senora La Reina de Los Angeles " ( The Town of Our Lady the Queen of the Angels ) .
By the end of the age, Sauron had recovered again, and was seeking the One Ring
Hernan Gumy ( Argentina ) beat Jared Palmer ( U.S. ) 6-7 ( 5-7 ) 6-3 7-6 ( 7-4 ) 0-6 7-6 ( 7-1 )
He was shot on Wednesday afternoon as he stepped off a bus near his family home in the village of Donje Ljupce in the municipality of Podujevo .
Gildis is not mentioned in any of the genealogy tables provided in "The Silmarillion" and "Unfinished Tales", but only in a table provided in "The War of the Jewels"
CRICKET - POLLOCK HOPES FOR RETURN TO WARWICKSHIRE .
BUENOS AIRES 1996-08-26
Aldamirs years as king were marked by constant warfare with the Corsairs of Umbar (led by the sons of Castamir) and the Haradrim
Amoco Corp officials said the company is in talks over crude oil production sharing in Yemen , but declined to comment on a published report Amoco had reached preliminary agreement on a block in the Shabwa area .
" It 's not something I 'm going to try to explain , " said Texas manager Johnny Oates about his team winning seven of the 10 meetings from Cleveland this season .
REUTER
Cercle Brugge 2 Mouscron 2
Aragorn, during his march toward the Black Gate, sent soldiers to reclaim the island for Gondor; these soldiers were young men of Rohan and Lossarnach too afraid to proceed further, who were eventually successful in their quest to retake the island
Emeldir was charged to lead the women and children of Bëors folk who had to flee from their homes after the Dagor Bragollach since their land was now taken and ruled by Sauron, Morgoths commander
In the Peter Jackson movie adaptation of "The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King", the battle with the Corsairs occurrs off-screen (part of it is shown in the extended edition) and the Army of the Dead accompany Aragorn to Minas Tirith, replacing the Grey Company, to defeat Saurons Orcs, after which Aragorn declares their curse lifted
Jamaica 's Michael Green was second with 10.09 with Bailey finishing in 10.13 .
Aamir Sohail b Croft 48
The Red Arrow was presented to Rohan by Hirgon, Gondors messenger in the War of the Ring
The spirits of Men truly leave the physical world, and do not return
We think that when the word about how things are going in Mahala which is about 35 minutes away by road reaches Zvornik that should help , " Marriner said .
3. Michele Buiatti ( Italy ) 2.15
Guzman ( 10-8 ) won for the first time since July 16 , a span of six starts .
They were tall and had dark hair, and they were the fathers of most of the Ñoldor of later times
When they set out again, Imin thought to himself that since each time they had found more Elves and his folk was least in size, he would now choose last
1. Colonna 8:22:00
Just who owns the copper is a question that has kept traders and industry analysts guessing since the metal was channelled into Shanghai by the China National Nonferrous Metals Import and Export Corp ( CNIEC ) in June and July .
Alexei Markov ( Russia ) 4:19.762 beat Mariano Friedick ( U.S. )
BELGRADE 1996-08-30
However, Vanyarin Quenya was generally more conservative than Ñoldorin Quenya
- Armed robbers pillaged 70 barrels of crude oil from a well near Gujar Khan on Wednesday .
The Brady bill , calling for a waiting period before someone could buy a gun so a background check could be made , was first introduced in Congress in 1987 but it took seven years to pass because of opposition from the National Rifle Association gun lobby .
Disarming Iraq of weapons of mass destruction under 1991 Gulf War ceasefire terms is a prerequisite before the lifting of crippling sanctions imposed on Iraq in 1990 for invading Kuwait .
Cofinec said Petofi general manager Laszlo Sebesvari had submitted his resignation and will be leaving Petofi but will remain on Petofi 's board of directors .
But in the process they overthrew Sauron, after which Isildur used the broken hilt of Narsil to cut the One Ring from Sauiurons hand, the final death blow it would seem
The Ethir Anduin, otherwise known as the Mouths of Anduin or Anduins Mouths, was the estuary formed by the River Anduins egress into the Great Sea of Belegaer in the Bay of Belfalas, near Gondors great harbour of Pelargir
In TA 2941, a character called "Lord of the Eagles" saved Thorin and Company from Wargs and Orcs
He was, however, able to say his final words to Túrin before perishing
BRASILIA 1996-08-28
In Enedwaith (Middle-land) and Minhiriath (Sindarin for "Land between the Rivers") lived a group of Men related to those Men that had become the House of Haleth, and they were known as the Dunlendings
Later, Radagast rides Gwaihir during the Battle of the Five Armies after seeking his aid along with an army of Great Eagles
Vicorp Restaurants names Sabourin CFO .
Nenya is described as being made of mithril and set with a "white stone" of adamant
WARSAW 1996-08-30
The king and his army attack the Corsairs, preventing them from entering Gondor, after which they accompany Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli to Minas Tirith
Among those seen as having an interest in buying in Missouri are Minneapolis-based First Bank System Inc. and Norwest Corp. , Ohio-based KeyCorp and Banc One Corp. , and First Chicago NBD Corp. in Illinois .
Inzamam-ul-Haq c Thorpe b Croft 6
And none dared to speak to Fëanor about this matter afterward
Britain 's Damon Hill fifth in a Williams and Gerhard Berger of
David Prinosil ( Germany ) vs. qualifier
- 1 Hal Sutton through 11
Andróg (IPA: ) was a Adan of the First Age in the band of outlaws that included Túrin Turambar
Rudyard MT 4.54 dn .10 --- --- --- ---
Gives an overview of and additional insight into Bilbo Baggins finding of the One Ring
Alvarado said the car was abandoned about 40 miles ( 60 km ) north of the couple 's house but said that did not indicate the kidnappers intended to take their victims into neighbouring Nicaragua .
Netherlands - Ronald de Boer ( 52nd minute ) , Van Gastel
Nimrodel was a Nandorin Elf-maiden of Lórien in the Third Age
"Sil-" is a Sindarin term meaning "shine" or "white"
Soldiers killed nine more PKK guerrillas in Sirnak province and six in Hakkari .
The surviving Elvish forces, numbering no more than 6,000 at this point in the battle, were steadily withdrawn by Thranduil from the plains of Erebor and ordered to move closer towards the city of Dale and the outskirts of the valley itself for an imminent retreat from the battle altogether, leaving the Dwarves and the Men of the Lake to their fate
The name Vardarianna might be related to the Vala Varda and the Quenya term "rianna" ("crown-gift")
+9 Tom Watson 79 70
2. Jean-Michel Bayle ( France ) Yamaha 1:50.727
Tilion was reckless at times, and did not always follow the correct path, causing the Moon to be at times in the sky at the same time as the Sun, not appear at all, or even block out the light of Arien
Bilbo can easily kill her with several jump attacks with Sting
Spurred by Foe 's leveller five minutes before , Lens pressed hard and Foe hit the crossbar in the dying seconds on another header .
In "The Two Tower"s ("Helms Deep" chapter, during the Battle of the Hornburg), Gamling, a man of Rohan, refers to the army bred by Saruman as "half-orcs" and "goblin-men
But Adem Hodzic , one of the refugees who signed the letter of complaint , told Reuters :
SHANGHAI 1996-08-28
This first sundering caused the separation of Common Eldarin from the many Avarin languages, and their original language was forgotten
This path leads to the great Mithril Pit of Moria
Roger Pavlik ( 15-7 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings and became the fourth 15-game winner in the American League .
The police said 14 of the 45 passengers on the bus died instantly when the vehicle fell into Kunar river from a narrow road leading from the state capital Muzaffarabad to the nearby Pakistani town of Garhi Habibullah northwest .
SOCCER - FERGUSON BACK IN SCOTTISH SQUAD AFTER 20 MONTHS .
Gimli and Aragorn earn time for the Rohirrim to refortify the entrance, but soon the defenses break down as Uruks fully breach the area behind the Deeping Wall, and all remaining Rohirrim retreat to the keep. Once inside where they are trapped, Théoden falls further into despair while his soldiers brace the doors, as Aragorn and Gamling deliberate on sending the women and children further into the caves
( Spain ) , Paul Broadhurst , Greg Turner ( New Zealand ) , Mike
Northeast of it was the tower of Annúminas in the capital, and further to the southeast was the tower of Amon Sûl on Weathertop
The other main influence was - it played a major role in the creation of "The Silmarillion", and the Quenya language was modeled mostly after the Finnish language
No Variags appear in Peter Jacksons "The Lord of the Rings" film trilogy, likely due to their Variags scant appearance and description in the books
At this time, the Vala Tulkas came to Arda to lend his strength in the fight against Melkor
Balin wields a cross between a mace and a sword
Durin founded the line of Dwarves called Durins Folk
With her husband James sitting in a wheelchair to the side of the podium , Mrs. Brady called the handgun control bill that a Democratic Congress passed and Clinton signed in 1994 a major step in controlling firearm violence in the United States .
Not long after Denethor II took up the rule of Gondor, spending the next few decades preparing for the coming onslaught of Mordor
In "The Lord of the Rings Online" the player controls Ori during a during a session play "We Cannot Get Out"
Its people were Middle Men, descendants of the Edain, and they had close ties to the Northmen of Dale in genealogy
Malu replaced another Nigerian major general , John Inienger , who told officers at the handover ceremony that peace was now at hand for Liberia after six years of fighting and more than a dozen failed accords .
3. Alex Belometti ( Italy ) Honda
The market was also waiting for Friday 's LME stock report which will include figures delayed from Tuesday because of the U.K. public holiday on Monday when the LME was closed .
" I won the second set , which I did n't think I would do , being down 5-2 and the chances she had at 6-5 , " Graf recalled .
After years of skirmishing, in TA 1899 King Calimehtar led a large army to victory in the Second Battle of Dagorlad, although the Waindriders were only defeated and not destroyed
New U.S. ambassador arrives in Saudi Arabia .
Caranthir is the Sindarin translation of his mother-name Carnistir ("Red-face") from the Quenya "carnë" ("red, scarlet")
He continued to help them throughout their migration eastward, through the Emyn Muil and Grey Marshes, and eventually through the Braids and into the forest east, which the Harfoots found bleak and frightening
She was last seen being collected by the pair from school in Velten near Berlin on Monday .
Shortly after Ijaz was also back in the pavilion for 48 after Irani had repaid Mullally with another good catch at long-on .
Axes were primarily the weapons of the Dwarves
This book reintroduces much of what was lost in the highly edited version in Of the Ruin of Doriath by including the cursed treasure of Mîm, and the fact that Doriath was betrayed from the inside by treacherous Elves allowing Dwarves to bypass the Girdle of Melian, as well as Dwarves already inside the city of Menegroth, and that Thingol was able to push the Dwarves out of the city, and that he is later killed while on a hunt by the Dwarven forces lying in wait
10. Graham Sharman ( Australia ) 1:05.406
Glaurung remained there until FA 499 when he went northeast to Brethil, to confront Túrin Turambar who eventually slew him
According to legends of the Edain, Morgoth visited Men in Hildórien and tricked them into believing their mortality was a punishment, in order to convert them away from Eru Ilúvatar
In his delirious state, Berethor obeyed Saruman, and fled from Osgiliath mid-battle
LONGYEAR , Norway 1996-08-30
The Men of Gondor led by Beregond slew many Orcs that attempted to establish themselves in the mountains, and prevented the Orcs from establishing large scale settlements and strongholds
Helm killed Freca, and Wulf took charge of a Dunlending army that overran Rohan with assistance from the Easterlings and Corsairs of Umbar in the winter of TA 2758
Ties between the two neighbours , strained also over a military accord between Turkey and Israel which drew strong Iranian objections , have improved since Islamist Necmettin Erbakan took over as Turkish prime minister in June .
In "The Lord of the Rings" film trilogy, "Snaga" is the name of an Orc in the band that meets up with Uglúks company
Shr ( H.K. cents ) 14.0
" said Michael Perelstein , portfolio manager of MainStay International Funds .
" It goes without saying that we 're rather disappointed , " Head said of the decision by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit , sitting in Baltimore .
He did not give a specific time for the ceasefire but said the United States looked forward to " immediate implementation " .
BUDAPEST 1996-08-26
and was succeeded by his son Ciryandil
Vince Spadea ( U.S. ) vs. Daniel Vacek ( Czech Republic )
"Laiquendi" is a Quenya name that meant "Green elves"
STUTTGART , Germany 1996-08-23
The main rebel group in south Sudan said on Tuesday it was trying to arrange the release of six Roman Catholic missionaries , including three Australian nuns , held for nearly two weeks .
MEXICO CITY 1996-08-30
On their way to Isengard, the Uruk-hai are intercepted by a group of Mordor Orcs led by Grishnákh, who demands they hand the Hobbits over, spurring an argument
After Wasim had won the toss and chosen to bat first , Pakistani made an excellent start as Sohail and Saeed Anwar continued their good form with an opening partnership of 82 .
The Salang tunnel linking Kabul with northern Afghanistan was formally reopened to traffic on Thursday under an agreement between the government and an opposition militia , witnesses said .
Police said the 111 passengers and six crew on board the ferry Trident Seven , owned by France 's Emeraud line , were rescued by a variety of private and commercial boats after fire broke out in the engine room soon after it left port .
He leads the army of Sindarin Elves beyond the North March of Doriath
Everton 's Duncan Ferguson , who scored twice against Manchester United on Wednesday , was picked on Thursday for the Scottish squad after a 20-month exile .
Police seek fugitive after Auckland gun incident .
In addition to the Return of the King video game storyline, soldiers of the dead army also appear in the Palantir of Saruman bonus level, in which the player must defeat 20 waves of enemies in an arena; about half of those enemies are dead soldiers
San Diego 3 NEW YORK 2
PHILADELPHIA 53 78 .405 29
The king will visit Chongqing before arriving in the Chinese capital , Beijing , early next week , officials said .
(Famously, of once bought dinnerware made out of aluminium because it was more expensive than gold at the time.) Certainly Tolkien, being highly educated, would have had knowledge of these three metals and the difficulty in preparing them
In the Special Powers mode of playing, certain pieces can perform special moves
Glickman says USDA monitoring aflatoxin in Texas .
1= Andrei Tiwontschik ( Germany ) 5.86
This region was named East Lórien
People are rushing to the hospital as soon as the first symptoms appear , that 's why we have fewer deaths , " he told Reuters by telephone from the town , 160 km ( 100 miles ) southeast of the Senegalese capital Dakar .
It was his first win since defeating the St. Louis Cardinals on May 28th , 1994 when he was with the San Diego Padres .
Score : England 326 ( J. Crawley 106 , G. Thorpe 54 .
+8 Craig Parry ( Australia ) through 13
When Schein returned two of the suitcases were missing .
The Dunlendings served Saruman in the War of the Ring and participated in the Battle of the Hornburg
Angband, also known as the Iron Prison, was the ancient fortress of Melkor in the depths of the Iron Mountains that was built after the destruction of the Two Lamps as an arsenal of Utumno, but later it became the Dark Lords primary stronghold from which he constantly tried to dominate Arda
Eradan was born in TA 1999 and was the son of Mardil Voronwë
Isildurs body also lay in the waters, undiscovered by his kin, but his weapons and armour were later recovered near the place of battle
After Thorin overcame his gold sickness, the Dwarves emerged from the mountain, the company joined in the Battle of the Five Armies
Comelf , based in the central Transylvanian town of Bistrita , manufactures water purification equipment , machinery for the thermal power sector and other equipment .
After successfully ambushing a force of Haradrim marching toward the Black Gate, the Rangers captured Frodo Baggins and Samwise Gamgee and they were brought before Faramir for questioning, then taken to Henneth Annûn
- MED / BLACK SEA
Robson praised Atletico after the game , which was played in the Community of Madrid athletic stadium because of pitch problems at the Vicente Calderon ground .
The Israeli government is studying redeployment plans submitted by Defence Minister Yitzhak Mordechai which are likely to demand a wider than agreed army presence in Hebron .
In the south, Gondor grew and flourished for a thousand years, gaining territory to the north-east (southern Rhovanion), the north-west (Enedwaith) and the south (South Gondor and Umbar)
1. Deon Hemmings ( Jamaica ) 55.13 seconds
India 's Supreme Court on Thursday sentenced two men to death after finding them guilty of killing 23 bus passengers , including children .
Chairman Mohamed Fahim Rayyan told a news conference at Cairo airport : " The control tower should have allocated the plane another runway , instead of the one the plane landed on . "
3885.0 ( - 33.7 )
Asif Mujtaba run out 13
NEW YORK AT CALIFORNIA
The One Ring is an online-based game currently available on the Facebook platform, set in the world of Tolkiens The Lord of the Rings
Thompson has denied the charges .
After the events of the War of the Ring at the start of the Fourth Age, King Elessar granted the Hobbits of the Shire effective self-rule inside his Reunited Kingdom, banning any Men from entering the land
Bilbo decides to take matters into his own hands, and with the help of the ring, he sneaks out of the mountain in the middle of the night and into the camp of the lake men and the wood elves, where is brought before the leaders, Bard and the Elvenking
The foreign ministry 's Shen told Reuters Television in an interview he had read reports of Tang 's comments but gave no details of why the negotiator had considered the time right for talks with Taiwan , which Beijing considers a renegade province .
Mariaan de Swardt ( South Africa ) beat Dominique Van Roost ( Belgium ) 1-6 6-2 7-6 ( 7-4 )
JOHANNESBURG 1996-08-26
Bartlomiej Jamroz ( Hutnik Krakow ) , Tomasz Moskal
Akashi is head of the Department of Humanitarian affairs .
After Men awoke and the Sun started its way through heavens, the First Age continued for about another 590 years
Issuer : Fairview Town
Crossing the Misty Mountains, they journeyed south down the River Anduin, gathering Elves led by Oropher and Amdír, the kings of Greenwood and Lórien, respectively, and eventually were joined by the army of Gondor led by Isildurs brother Anárion and an army of Dwarves of Khazad-dûm
The Burning of the Ships was an event which occurred at the beginning of the First Age at Losgar after Fëanor and his followers stole the swanships of the Teleri from Alqualondë
Mulder 's absence means that Northern Transvaal centre Andre Snyman should win his second cap alongside provincial colleague Danie van Schalkwyk .
The talks between Maskhadov and Russia 's Vyacheslav Tikhomirov are aimed at putting the finishing touches to a ceasefire sealed last week in talks with Russian security chief Alexander Lebed .
Elves passed through it on their Great Journey from Cuiviénen into the Far West - it was where they made their first long stop before continuing
PUK and Iraq 's Kurdistan Democratic Party ( KDP ) the two main Iraqi Kurdish factions , have had northern Iraq under their control since Iraqi forces were ousted from Kuwait in the 1991 Gulf War .
He will voice a character in ""
When the battle was lost, Húrin and Huor gathered all the remaining men of the House of Hador and they took a stand fighting off the Orcs, allowing Turgon to escape
Boromir was above all else exceedingly valiant and steadfast, and was held in great esteem by the fighting men of both Gondor and Rohan
Tomas Cibola ( 58th ) .
Port conditions update - Syria - Lloyds Shipping .
They also constructed the hall of Thingol, Menegroth, and were rewarded with the pearl Nimphelos
Eärnil utterly defeated them and destroyed the entire army
Andy Serkis (Gollum) had not yet been cast
8. Edouard Gritsoun ( Russia ) 4:26.467
Conservatives have only 10 of the 72 Scottish seats in parliament and consistently run third in opinion polls in Scotland behind Labour and the independence-seeking Scottish National Party .
BRUSSELS 1996-08-29
At Helms Deep, Théodens forces resist an onslaught of Orcs and Men sent by Saruman, and Gandalf arrives the next morning with the Riders of Rohan just in time — and none escape
The crowd in the church was wildly supportive , showering Simpson with gifts and praise .
LONDON 1996-08-22
One of the men , who killed the pedestrian , was hanged at the site of the crime and the other was executed in Adel prison in Shiraz , the newspaper said .
The hobbits were taken some way further, but near the borders of Fangorn Forest, an Éored of Rohirrim led by Éomer attacked and wiped out the Uruk-hai
The first one, conventionally called Valinorean Quenya, was generally more conservative than the second one, that was known as Exilic Quenya
Woods was among a group of 13 players at four under , including 1993 champion Billy Mayfair , who tied for second at last week 's World Series of Golf , and former U.S. Open champ Payne Stewart .
Olympic silver medallist Brigita Bukovec of Slovenia could finish only fifth in the race in 12.95 .
Centre Walter Little followed up Mehrtens ' kick to score under the posts and scrum-half Justin Marshall forced himself over from a ruck close to the line in injury-time to give them some consolation .
A spokesman for Stansted airport said that the unidentified hijackers were demanding to see a British-based member of the Iraqi Community Association , called Mr Sadiki , and that police were trying to trace him .
In Sindarin, the name Barahir means "Fiery lord", from "bara" ("fiery, eager") and hîr ("master, lord")
Paul Broadhurst 62 70 69 , Stephen Field 66 65 70 ,
Fran Walsh and Philippa Boyens also wrote the lyrics to various music and songs, which David Salo translated into Tolkiens languages
8. Gabriele Colombo ( Italy ) 58
Both were placed in the north and south of Arda, leaving the world always in daylight
His rule was plagued by war with the Dunlendings that attempted to usurp his rule of Rohan
The beacon was manned by a guard who also protected the nearby quarries
Gothmog led a grand portion of this army at times, and later Sauron
Jens Lehman ( Germany )
Forged in an unknown time and place, Grond was mentioned only once, as the weapon of Morgoth in his single combat with Fingolfin, High King of the Ñoldor
But this was not true, for Eärnils smaller but well led Southern Army defeated an army of Haradrim in South Ithilien, and proceeded to march north to face the Wainriders
Talk that the Missouri banks were seeking inflated prices from buyers was seen as a reason a deal has not occurred sooner .
Momentarily Galadriel reveals herself and states "I come for Mithrandir, and I will leave with him
In June 2021, New Line announced , an anime spinoff about Helm Hammerhand, a legendary King of Rohan, set some 250 years before the events of "The Lord of the Rings"
They were perhaps the greatest threat to Gondor for nearly 400 years, commanding massive fleets of ships
He called himself Bronweg, the Sindarin version of his name
In "The Two Towers", he was sent by Elrond and led an army of five hundred Elves from Lothlórien to Helms Deep
It is possible that the Easterling population was expelled from the territory and forced further east where they continued to live, as there is no mention of Easterlings being subjected by Gondor or rebelling in the East-lands
In an affidavit , the princess said that in chasing her Stenning had got so close that he twice smashed into her car and pushed her when she tried to remove the film from his camera .
FOREIGN EXCHANGE / GOLD BULLION CLOSE IN LONDON
Ilmarin was the mansion of Manwë and Varda, and was located at the peak of Taniquetil
At the end of a January 1967 concert in the English city of Nottingham he threw the sheet of paper into the audience , where it was retrieved by a fan .
Hugo was the son of Otto Boffin and Lavender Grubb
And in that time they made for him the Nauglamír and gave him the honorific Felagund meaning "Hewer of Caves"
WARSAW 1996-08-25
" They want to discuss in public , at their protest meetings , " Filipovic said . "
5. Mette Bergmann ( Norway ) 61.44
According to J.R.R. Tolkien, its name is both Sindarin for "Mount Fang", and Rohirric for "Cunning Mind"
Then in great dread, Fëanor perceived that his son Amrod had wished to sail back and rejoin his mother Nerdanel in Valinor but the ships had all been burnt now with his son in one of them
13. Christian Meidlinger ( Austria ) 1:05.850
But Wijffels was unable to quantify second half investment to improve and extend domestic and offshore services .
2. Michelle Freeman ( Jamaica ) 12.91
SAN FRANCISCO AT NEW YORK
Palestinian officials accused right-wing Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of trying to stop the Ramallah meeting by keeping Arafat grounded .
Edberg had his own problems early in the match as the Swede battled to acclimate himself to the nighttime conditions while Karbacher was ripping passing shots and blasting serves past him .
"Torog" was the Sindarin name for those of troll-kind
We , and many other countries , do n't understand this ( Britain 's ) position , " Moussa told reporters .
For over 6,000 years Glamdring went missing, being salvaged and surviving the War of Wrath, until Gandalf found it in a Troll cave in Eriador in TA 2941 (alongside Orcrist and what was later called Sting) and claimed it for himself
Aragorn tries to maintain control and asks Legolas and Gimli to stop them
Dáin thereafter moved to Erebor and he became King under the Mountain and of Durins Folk
" They are expected to be placed in service later today , " said company spokesman Steve Conroy , adding repair crews have been removing smoke and other fire-related residues , which had settled on the two lines .
At the dawn of the Burning of the Ships at Losgar, Amras noticed the absence of his twin brother Amrod
At California , Tim Wakefield pitched a six-hitter for his third complete game of the season and Mo Vaughn and Troy O'Leary hit solo home runs in the second inning as the surging Boston Red Sox won their third straight 4-1 over the California Angels .
Wasim Akram 's three-wicket haul
Other two names later rejected by Tolkien were "Farang "and "Faranc"
Australia scored 263-7 in their 50 overs against Zimbabwe in the first day-night limited overs match of the Singer World Series tournament on Monday .
SOCCER - KEANE SIGNS FOUR-YEAR CONTRACT WITH MANCHESTER UNITED .
Hwaldar is seized and arrested, but Morgomir recognizes a valuable ally to control the Hill-men of Rhudaur
J.R.R. Tolkien based most Mannish languages on , whereas non-Taliskan languages are usually rendered with elements taken from , if at all
San Francisco Giants All-Star left fielder Barry Bonds did not appear in Sunday 's 7-2 victory over the Montreal Expos , ending his consecutive games streak .
She voiced the part of Goldberry in two episodes of Brian Sibleys "Tales from the Perilous Realm" radio dramatization
ZURICH 1996-08-28
His further fate is unknown, though he possibly joined the Battle of Bywater with the other Shirriffs that switched sides
He met up with some of the retreating troops of Ondohers defeated army and fell upon the Wainrider camp in a surprise attack
LONDON 1996-08-25
Fëanor was a Ñoldorin Elf, second King of the Noldor, and one of the Elven kindred that departed from Valinor in the land of Aman, where they had lived with the Valar
The Earth-kin stressed to visitors and diplomats sent by the Free Peoples of Middle-earth that they wished to remain practicing their way of life as they always did, and that meddling in the affairs of the "little ones", as they called Men and other folk, was not their interest
" Three of the four children had Crohn 's disease , " Wakefield 's group wrote in the Lancet medical journal .
The king defeated the Wainriders at the Second Battle of Dagorlad and as they retreated the Wainriders could see their homes in Rhovanion burning
MINNESOTA AT MILWAUKEE
Eight minutes after the interval , Heerenveen 's Romeo Wouden broke through the Amsterdam defence , left defender John Veldman standing and curled the ball beyond goalkeeper Edwin van der Sar into the Ajax net .
DUBLIN 1996-08-31
" We are ready to fight to our last breath -- Australia must play at its absolute best to win , " said Newcombe , who described the tie as the toughest he has faced as captain .
Before long Pippin accidentally sends a rotting carcass into the depths of the mines, which alerts a whole army of Goblins
State : AL
Men were also named the "Apanónar" ("Those born after" or "Afterborn"), "Fírimar" ("Mortals"), "Engwar" ("the Sickly"), and the "Followers"
In earlier versions of Tolkiens mythology (see "The History of Middle-earth") Angband was called Angamandu in Qenya that was the precursor of Quenya
The oaths between Gondor and Rohan were renewed, and several joint campaigns were fought in the east and south against the Easterlings and Haradrim; all former territories of the South-kingdom were won back during the following centuries, and its power and wealth were restored
The irony of the above-average summer rainfall was not lost on High Plains wheat producers , who only three months ago were caught in a drought so severe that old-timers likened conditions to the " Dust Bowl " days of the 1930s .
Doug Flach ( U.S. ) beat Gianluca Pozzi ( Italy ) 7-5 7-6 ( 7-5 ) 2-6 7-6 ( 8-6 )
Thráin was terrified when he witnessed the whole army of Guldur Orcs that were getting ready to leave the fortress and travel to the Lonely Mountain
Some of the Elves did not follow him or became sidetracked and stayed in Middle-earth, and so the Elves became sundered
The Shire was an exception to this, and though it lay within the Reunited Kingdom, Aragorn made a law that Men should not enter it, a law that he observed himself
Multinational firms including Mobil , Shell and Caltex , were also attracted to Tianjin due to China 's rising demand for lube and oil-based products , the newspaper said .
surname) Cúthalion means "Strongbow", from the Sindarin "cu" ("bow") and "thalion" ("strong, dauntless")
TALLINN 1996-08-28
The French-educated , former brother-in-law of Pol Pot was foreign minister in the Khmer Rouge government that ruled Cambodia and was seen as the group 's second in command .
But the official , Aryeh Shumer , said it was only fitting that Weizman and Arafat should talk after the Palestinian leader sent the Israeli president a letter which Yedioth Ahronoth reported contained an emotional appeal to save the peace proces .
Helm died in TA 2759 at the age of sixty-eight
2. David Coulthard ( Britain ) McLaren 1:54.342
13 - Brenda Schultz-McCarthy ( Netherlands ) beat Nana Miyagi ( Japan ) 6-1 6-4
Levy 's visit would be the first by an Israeli cabinet minister since Netanyahu 's conservative government took power in une this year , the ministry said .
Wales beat San Marino 4-0 ( halftime 2-0 ) in a European under-21 soccer match on Friday .
The moves made Cooperative the first major bank to cut rates in response to a call on Friday from central bank governor Sheu Yuan-dong .
Despite being pursued by the Great Eagle Beleram, Agandaûr uses his sorcery to blast the Eagle with lightning, and he escapes
By the time of the Witch-kings assault on Minas Ithil in the late Third Age, Idril had joined the citys army and risen to the rank of Second Captain
MILAN 1996-08-27
From central Texas north to Kansas , rains throughout July and August have relieved most of the drought conditions that plagued the region earlier this year .
As he goes to retrieve it, a Mirkwood Centipede emerges and walks over the Ring in front of Bilbo
Isengrim lived and held the title of Thain in a period between SR 740 and SR 1083
Many objects and creatures in "The Lord of the Rings" films that Falconer had designed are shown in Gary Russells "The Art of The Fellowship of the Ring, The Art of The Two Towers", and "The Art of The Return of the King"
The director general of the air traffic service Valentin Valkov said last Friday that a controllers ' strike would be illegal .
Explaining his premature departure was unavoidable , Pollock said : " I have been carrying the injury for a while and I hope that by having the surgery now I will be able to last out the new season back home . "
Unlike the Harfoots they crossed far north of Rivendell, and from there later met up with the Harfoots
Croft , who was one of the few Englishmen to make a good impression in his test debut at The Oval last week , showed great control as he first dried up the early flow of Pakistan runs and then collected the wickets of Aamir Sohail and Wasim Akram in a spell of 10-1-36-2 .
Salou , who plays for MSV Duisburg in the Bundesliga , scored in the 53rd minute of Sunday 's match in Lome for a 1-0 aggregate win which takes his side into group six , where they will meet Liberia , Tanzania and Zaire .
3. Donovan Bailey ( Canada ) 10.13
The Quenya "mor" means ("black") and the suffix "-wë" occurs in many names, though not exclusively masculine
According to Orlando Bloom, he was the friendliest horse on the set
Melian also told Beren about the dangers of the Mîms cursed treasure and discussed it with her daughter Lúthien
Soon, Morgomir and the Barrow-wights trapped him in the royal barrow
Mithril was mined by Dwarves in nearby Khazad-dûm, later named "Moria"
2. Giovanni Lombardi ( Italy ) Polti 5 seconds behind
- Judge Javier Gomez de Liano says government is obstructing justice
A. Jadeja run out 0
The African Football Confederation ( CAF ) on Wednesday formally confirmed Burundi 's disqualification from the African Nations Cup following the team 's inability to travel for a qualifier against Central African Republic .
The United States also will be able to designate one new all-cargo carrier for service between the two nations after two years .
Javier Sanchez ( Spain ) beat Jim Grabb ( U.S. ) 6-2 7-6 ( 7-3 ) 2-6 6-3
Montpellier seized an unexpected lead thanks to Kader Ferhaoui in the fourth minute after a blunder from Lens goalkeeper Jean-Claude Nadon .
Mia , a father of five children , had a restaurant business in a London suburb .
BUCHAREST 1996-08-30
Ratlam 10 Yellow 12,600-12,750 12,700-12,800
He was foiled once more however by the machinations of the wizard Gandalf and the One Ring remained lost to him
The creature caused a shipwreck somewhere in the Belegaer, and is glimpsed occasionally while chasing a raft of the ships survivors, among whom is Halbrand
Written by Peter Archer and Scott Francis, it was published in October 2012
The Haradrim began to scatter as soon as the Rangers of Ithilien shot down their Mûmak
BRITAIN WELCOMES ROMANIA-HUNGARY TREATY ACCORD .
Marcos Ondruska ( South Africa ) vs. Felix Mantilla ( Spain )
He then drove 40 kms back to play for the second XI to learn that John Stephenson had dropped out of the Middlesex match in the meantime with a shoulder injury .
Aalst 4 1 1 2 5 6 4
4. Jon Drummond ( U.S. ) 10.22
They were tall and dark-skinned with black hair and dark eyes, and for that they were called Swertings or Swarthy Men
For forty-five long years, the Wainriders ruled in Rhovanion, where they built homes, settlements, outposts, and storehouses most likely with the use of forced labor
The PKK often uses bases in northern Iraq in its fight for autonomy or independence in southeast Turkey .
Arthedain could provide little aid, as it was itself under attack
NEW YORK 1996-08-23
Only Mîm could safely handle the gold because he was put in charge of it, and had also bound the gold to himself
Constitutional reforms were proposed on Tuesday by two senators , one of them a member of Samper 's own Liberal Party , aimed at lifting the ban on extradition introduced in 1991 .
Oiolairë trees were destroyed along with Númenor and were apparently not taken abroad into Middle-earth on the exile ships of Elendil, Isildur, and Anárion
Dressed in a black strapless evening gown at Wednesday 's pageant , Machado was clearly heavier than the contestants but still won rave reviews after her brief appearance on stage .
Federal Reserve governor Lawrence Lindsey , speaking on U.S. cable television network CNBC , said the U.S. economy appears on balance to be a bit strong , adding the central bank would not curb growth provided inflation remains in check .
8. Ukyo Katayama ( Japan ) Tyrrell 1:40.227
Britain on Saturday condemned Iraqi involvement in an attack on the Kurdish city of Arbil and said it was in close touch with its allies .
Instead of Wargs and spiders, the Orcs are joined by Easterlings and Haradrim as well as at least one Mumakil
84th ) , Carlos Pavon ( 37th )
So, in TA 1447, when Eldacar returned with an army from Rhovanion, the people of Gondor sided with him against the Usurper
BRUSSELS 1996-08-22
They eventually kill Tharzog, and confront Agandaûr at the top of the citadel, who has overpowered the Elf twins, but he escapes on a Fellbeast
He later found that the Dark Lord had more knowledge of the possible location of the One Ring than he expected
Faramir is startled and wants to hear more, but must go to battle (leaving two men behind to guard)
Fagan had earlier telephoned an Auckland radio station in a distraught state , saying he feared for his life .
Police suspect Nicole Nichterwitz 's aunt and a male companion abducted the girl and took her to the Netherlands .
From the Fourth Age and beyond Rivendell was the only remaining Ñoldorin settlement left in Middle Earth, ruled by Elladan and Elrohir who remained behind when Elrond left
However, Dwarven phalanx battalions and Men of Dale anticipate the attack, and the Mouth and his retinue are slain
A few kilometres ( miles ) down the two-lane road which passes Odnosum 's farm , where the occasional horse-drawn buggy passes by , is the 1,700-hectare ( 4,200-acre ) Shevchenko collective farm , built next to a village still neat and tidy despite post-Soviet decay .
After tending Berethors wounds by the Nazgûl, Eaoden and Idrial set out for an Elven outpost to resupply Berethor with weapons and provisions, and to fully heal him
When they returned, they lived out their lives seeing Sams mayoral duties passed to Tolman Cotton Jr.
Lamm , 60 , is a three-term Colorado governor who left office in 1987 and vied for the Reform Party nomination after becoming disillusioned with both the Democratic and Republican parties .
Sometime before the War of the Ring, the hostile trees of the Old Forest crept very close to the High Hay, possibly intending to plant themselves there for good and leaned over it
The term Hobbitish was one given for the sub-dialect of Westron, a tongue spoken by Hobbits of the Shire
During the Third Age tribes of Hill-men were located in the Ettenmoors, Trollshaws, and foothills of the Misty Mountains in northeast Eriador
2. Alessandro Lambruschini ( Italy ) 7:47.78
Nepal man held for keeping child servant in chains .
CAIRO 1996-08-26
He found rich loads of metals in the Echoriath surrounding the city and forged weapons of steel stronger than had been seen before
The campaign pits Dole , a man of quick and withering wit and long-time public service , but stilted speaking style , against the glib and confident Clinton , who has perfected a style that makes direct eye contact with his audience .
GOLF - BRITISH MASTERS FIRST ROUND SCORES .
7. Irina Privalova ( Russia ) 11.28
Although the book can at first sight seem mostly useful by musicians (particularly piano and guitar players), it has been found to have a wider use than this, allowing readers to understand the of the various mythological beings presented in Middle-earth better, and helping linguists analyse Tolkiens poetry
Each tree was a source of light: Telperions silver and Laurelins gold
China 's President Jiang Zemin offered his gratitude in a meeting on Monday with visiting Gabon President Omar Bongo , the official Xinhua news agency said .
The rally made a winner out of reliever Willie Blair
The Númenóreans were the first Men to venture to sea, and they used ships to explore and colonise Middle-earth in the Second Age
Aragorn is making his way through the gate to Gondor
"Merethrond" is Sindarin for Hall of Feasts
He burnt a path directly towards Ephel Brandir, but Túrin managed to slay him at Cabed-en-Aras upon Teiglin with his mighty sword Gurthang
-- Dimitris Kontogiannis , Athens Newsroom +301 3311812-4
But the script that called for the usual first-round demolition by the top-ranked top seed was rewritten by 29th-ranked Indonesian Yayuk Basuki playing with nothing to lose abandon .
" They 've got a very sound domestic business which is doing very well , we remain positive on the stock , " said Roe . "
As the Isengard Uruk-hai were an army that was being rapidly grown, mass production of arms was required to equip them quickly
Other members of the Council included the Bearers of the Three Rings (Gandalf, Galadriel, and Elrond), Círdan (who had borne Narya before handing it on to Gandalf), Glorfindel, and Radagast the Brown
In Peter Jacksons "The Hobbit" films, Orcrist appears more similar in shape to Sting
A Snaga was the lowest or lesser breed of Orc in the Third Age
He would later argue that the quest for the Dwarves to reclaim their homeland would Bean that Middle-earths armies in the East will be strengthened anger to rid Saurons chance of using Smaug in his army
Most political prisoners are held in Rangoon 's Insein Prison .
Members of the guild were considered the most adventurous men of Númenor
Hildórien is a Quenya name for Land of the Followers
She died when his favorite son Hazad was still young and he married late due to his admiration for her
Éothain was present in the year TA 3019 when Éomers Éored slaughtered the contingent of Orcs bearing Meriadoc Brandybuck and Peregrin Took to Isengard, and afterwards when the Éored encountered Aragorn, Legolas and Gimli
Forced perspective was also employed, so that it would look as though the short hobbits were interacting with taller Men and Elves
SARAJEVO 1996-08-22
In the reign of Rómendacil II, forts were built at the Undeeps to protect the province from invasion across the Anduin
SK Rapid 's Dietmar Kuehbauer , who gave an impressive performance , said the team started off well but let the game slip after the first 30 minutes .
Guy Forget ( France ) beat Grant Stafford ( South Africa ) 3-6 2-6 6-4 7-6 ( 7-2 ) 6-3
Soon afterwards, the Northmen rebelled against their cruel overlords
Israeli President Ezer Weizman has invited Yasser Arafat to meet him at his private home , Israel 's biggest newspaper said on Sunday .
" The eastern European market offers good chances , " said Erdei . "
Dresden 792 up 11.4
He also wears black armor and a helmet similar to Morgoths in "The Silmarillion", and wields a giant mace (perhaps based on Grond) capable of killing scores of men in one hit
Last month , Wang , 45 , a veteran dissident of the 1979 Democracy Wall movement , was ordered to serve one year of " re-education through labour " , but released because of poor health .
, Inc. , said it won $ 1 million of Eau Claire , Wisc .
NEW YORK 1996-08-29
Reeve , an accomplished rider who owned several horses , suffered multiple injuries including two shattered neck vertebrae when he was thrown from his horse at an equestrian event in Culpepper , Virginia , on May 27 , 1995 .
OAKLAND AT BALTIMORE
Iraq 's Deputy Prime Minister Tareq Aziz said on Saturday Iraqi troops were fighting in northern Iraq to aid Kurdish rebel leader Massoud Barzani against rival forces .
1. Jeff Williams ( U.S. ) 20.45
Hasina , speaking to a group of engineers in Dhaka on Monday , accused the BNP of resorting to " terrorism " as part of its plan to create instability and chaos in the country .
It is said that Túvo protected Men and Elves from them and from ‘evil fays’, and the Orcs besides
At the company 's Nordegg prospect , the Apache et al Saunders 14-28 , has reached total depth in the Leduc Reef at approximately 3,800 feet and has been abandoned , Arch said .
It plays during the chase scene of Radagasts sleigh-rabbits and the Warg-riders
He avenged the death of his father and proceeded to conquer large parts of Rhûn from the Easterlings expanding Gondor further into the east
Olive was mostly known for doing voice-overs
Númenor took notice and Tar-Minastir, King of Númenor sent a fleet to save Lindon and by SA 1701 Eriador was liberated and Sauron driven back into Mordor
The Easterlings of the Third Age were divided in different tribes, such as the Wainriders and the Balchoth
Here he cast Nienor into a deep spell of forgetfulness
In the meantime, the Wargs have joined the Goblins, setting fire to the forest as they run through it
Except for Thráin, the Dwarves made no attempt to press their advantage by pursuing the Orcs into the mines, many of them having been slain
Lukashenko signed a pact with Moscow in April to create a strong economic and political union which he believes could grow into a federation .
Valaquenta was a Quenya word that meant Tale of the Valar
During his reign, the Easterlings started to become a threat again and his regents main concern was making alliance with the tribes of the Northmen to help fight against them
AMSTERDAM 1996-08-26
Press spokesman Alexander Barkhatov told reporters the negotiations , being held at this rebel-held village some 20 km ( 12 miles ) south of the Chechen capital Grozny , were progressing briskly and being conducted in a good mood .
In ", Azog is marching with his Orc army (consisting mainly of Moria Orcs, Warg riders and many deformed trolls and ogres) on the Lonely Mountain when Bolg arrives and informs him that Legolas and Tauriel attacked him
He has made clear he opposed Clinton 's signing of the Republican-initiated welfare reform bill .
However, the Men of Gondor under the leadership of Denethor Is son Boromir recaptured Ithilien from Saurons forces, and drove them back east of the river
Hill-trolls were a species of troll in Middle-earth closely related to mountain-trolls and cave-trolls
Clinton flew in by helicopter from Michigan City , Indiana , after ending a four-day , 559-mile trip aboard a campaign train from Washington .
"Moriquendi" is a term for the Avarin, Sindarin, and Nandorin Elves, but in practice is only applied to the Avari
Quarter ended June 30 Six Months ended June 30
Boatmen 's deal could spark more mergers .
Dam an Glamhoth." which translates to "Turgon, King of Gondolin, wields, has, and holds the sword Glamdring, Foe of Morgoths realm, Hammer of the Orcs." This inscription, however, is not from J.R.R. Tolkiens writings. Tolkien only says in "The Hobbit" that the names of the swords were given in the runes
NEW YORK 1996-08-30
Holland was moved to a more secure centre earlier this year after a similar incident .
The least fortunate of these trolls was dubbed "Stumpy" by the producers
Other changes include when the Necklace of the Dwarves was made; after the treasure was taken (possibly made from cursed gold), or before
" I recommend people sell strangles in a number of markets -- in Germany and France in particular .
Rabinovich is winding up his term as ambassador .
Sudan accuses the Eritrean authorities of providing support to Sudanese opposition elements based in Eritrea .
The Witch-king light the signal and Morgomir and Rogash began moving but they arrived too late the citadel was besieged by the Elves but there was still time to save Angmar while Rogash and his army attacked from the back the Elven army the gates opened and the forces of Carn Dûm attacked from the front
The longbow in Beleriand was used first by the Sindar Elves of Doriath and then spread to other peoples as they entered the region
Thorin is also seen wielding a short sword called Deathless during the first part of the movie, as well as a metal battleaxe
The slain policeman Ejup Bajgora , 42 , was an Albanian who had served in the Serbian police and state security since 1987 , police told the Yugoslav news agency Tanjug .
In the southeast U.S. , dealers said feed mixers continued to be steady buyers with demand increasing for October to March positions .
"Orcrist" is Sindarin for "Goblin-cleaver" ("Goblin" being another word for "Orc")
Mishi Saran
Index heavyweights Elf and Rhone Poulenc both ended slightly weaker while active Eurotunnel was unchanged on nearly a million shares traded .
NAIROBI 1996-08-27
PERTH , Australia 1996-08-27
Bard and his men stand their ground and try to kill as many Orcs as possible, but they are heavily outnumbered and fall one by one beneath the swords and pikes of the Orcs
Sauron attempts to grab Isildur, but Isildur uses the remnant of the blade to slice off Saurons fingers including that which bears the One Ring
The Tuesday morning attack on the consulate in Indonesias second largest city of Surabaya , caused slight damage to a guard house before being quickly extinguished , a spokesman at the U.S. embassy in Jakarta , 700 km ( 430 miles ) west of Surabaya , said on Wednesday .
The Dwarf-road passed through the southern tip of this land; all who traveled through it paid toll to Caranthir, which made him very wealthy
5. Darryll King ( New Zealand ) Honda 178
2. Lombardi 1 second behind
ST LOUIS AT HOUSTON
During the Nírnaeth Arnoediad, Turgons army marched to and from the battlefield down the Dry River
Todd Woodbridge ( Australia beat Sebastien Lareau ( Canada ) 6-3
Regula Susana Siegfried , 50 , and Nicola Fleuchaus , 25 , were released after 71 days after a $ 200,000 ransom was paid .
In New York , Marvin Benard 's two-run homer snapped a tie and Shawn Estes came one out away from his first complete game as the San Francisco Giants beat the Mets 6-4 .
The Iron Crown was forged by Morgoth in Angband, after his return to Middle-earth at the beginning of the First Age, to hold the Silmarils and to symbolize himself as "King of the World"
Libyan man murdered in Malta .
It was said of him by Éomer that he had a great deal in common with the people of Rohan
SOCCER - HONDURAS BEAT CUBA 4-0 IN FRIENDLY .
Henneth Annûn was Sindarin for "Window of the West." The Inklings were the name of an informal literary group mainly of J.R.R. Tolkien, C.S
The Seychelles must have thought they were on course for a historic breakthrough when Mauritian midfielder Andre Caboche was sent off for a crude tackle in the 19th minute .
RUGBY UNION - CARLING LEFT OUT OF ENGLAND TRAINING SQUAD .
" They rammed our shacks with jeeps and destroyed the shack over my baby , " said 25-year-old Amina Muhammad . "
Herugrim was a sword that belonged to Théoden
Afterwards, Sauron harboured deep hatred for Khazad-dûm and ordered his Orcs to trouble Durins folk at every turn, even though "the halls of Khazad-dûm were too deep and strong and filled with a people too numerous and valiant for Sauron to conquer from without"
CRICKET - MILLNS SIGNS FOR BOLAND .
Two children in Sakai have died from complications associated with the bacteria .
4. Tim Lobinger ( Germany ) 5.80
TOKYO 1996-08-27
A full decade later, in TA 1447, Eldacar returned with an army from Rhovanion; at the same time, a rebellion by the people of the inland provinces against Castamirs cruel rule took place
Prescott , reluctant to go into the winner 's enclosure until the result of the photo-finish was announced , said : " Twenty-five years and I have never been there so I thought I had better wait a bit longer . "
In the north-western corner of this land stood Mount Doom, where Sauron had forged the One Ring
Anguirel has the Sindarin elements "ang", which means "iron", "uir "meaning "fiery", and "êl "which means "star"
ATLANTA 1996-08-28
QUITO , Ecuador 1996-08-23
BUCHAREST 1996-08-31
They filled nine ships (two for Anárion) with many of their prized possessions, including the palantíri
In the book, Sam simply takes a coil of Elven Rope from the three coils put in the bottom of each boat
7 - Chris Walker ( England ) beat Amr Shabana ( Egypt ) 15-13 15-10 15-6
Peter Jacksons The Fellowship of the Ring
It is also possible he was just toying with the group and would kill them afterwards.) When it was revealed that Thorin carried the Elvish sword Orcrist - which the Orcs feared and which they called "Biter" - the Great Goblin was enraged and at once leapt to attack Thorin
" Since Mauritania has been eliminated on all fronts and the next commitments are not for another two years , we have reason to take a break , " federation president Mohamed Lemine Cheiguer said .
The Southfarthing was also the source of the Old Winyards wine
After the war was won and Aragorn II Elessar was crowned, the Men of Gondor once more thrived and prospered as part of the Reunited Kingdom into the Fourth Age and beyond
Bomb blast in TELO office in Trincomalee kills one , wounds six .
It was located on the northeastern side of Bree-hill in a deep valley about two miles southwest of Chetwood and Archet, and about one mile north of Staddle
During the War of the Ring, they were guarded by Faramir and the men under his command
Passengers injured in train collision in Linz .
Eventually, the Sindar were reconsidered as Úmanyar, or the Elves of the Twilight, along with their Nandorin brethren, some of whom became the Laiquendi of Ossiriand
But the Dwarves of Khazad-dûm sortied, attacking Saurons army in the rear allowing Elrond to escape
A Seguin spokeswoman confirmed that no letter or call had yet been received .
Sachin Tendulkar marked his debut as Indian captain with a patient 110 on Wednesday , but was upstaged by dashing Sri Lankan opener Sanath Jayasuriya whose 120 steered the world champions to a nine-wicket Singer Cup win .
-- Jakarta newsroom +6221 384-6364
MANCHESTER , England 1996-08-28
By creating Orc Pits, Troll Cages, and Taverns, they muster a mighty army of Orcs, Trolls, and Corsairs of Umbar
2. Robbie McEwen ( Australia ) Rabobank
" Obviously , at some point it represents a buying opportunity , " Frater said . "
Sam uses a short Barrow-blade for melee combat in books, movies, and video games, but for a time after Frodo was attacked by Shelob and sent to the Tower of Cirith Ungol, Sam used Frodos sword Sting to rescue him
In fact, it is even possible that Prince Haleth himself, having reached manhood in the waning years of his grandfathers reign, would also participate in the wars against the Dunlendings as the King got older and more infirmed
Men were able to shape their lives "beyond" the Music of the Ainur, which rules the fates of all other things in Arda
Questioning the legitimacy of his claims, Talion points Acharn at Ratbags throat
Torozûl was a spear found in Moria
Initially bent on attacking the elves, he wheels half of his army to fight against Azogs army when it appears on the field
GAZA 1996-08-28
The Yedioth Ahronoth daily reported that Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who has said he has no desire to hold talks with the Palestinian president , opposes the meeting due to be held this coming week .
The Iranian ambassador was also summoned to the ministry in Bonn to hear a sharp protest and " disapproval of this glaring breach of the principles of international law " , he added .
Alcarondas, also known as Castle of the Sea, was the flagship of King Ar-Pharazôn of Númenor, at the head of the Great Armament in its advance upon Valinor
It was the fifth attack on police this month in the southern province , a hot spot of ethnic tension where the Albanian majority have boycotted Serbian institutions and set up their own , which are considered illegal by Belgrade .
teams that took place today in Geneva :
They spent much time discussing Men and Elves and their fates in the world, which are fully explained in the "Athrabeth Finrod ah Andreth"
Frodo was awake, but the Orcs and Uruks, who had been fighting over it and killing many of their own in the process, had taken his mithril shirt
Thus, ironically, the movie version Orcrist is a versatile weapon well-suited to Dwarven tastes despite its Elven origin
This compared with midweek levels , before the welter of interest rate cuts , of 18.50 for September , 20.00 for December , 22.00 for March and 23.5 for June , he said .
Angrist was left behind when Beren escaped Angband
The Gundabad Wargs are wolf-like with grey fur, and are bred by the Orcs of Mount Gundabad
CHICAGO AT TORONTO
In the movie trilogy by Peter Jackson, Narsil is not reforged until , when it is brought to Aragorn (who seems to need the encouragement) by Elrond
1. Belim , Weaver 156 points
JYVASKYLA , Finland 1996-08-25
Northamptonshire 361 ( K. Curran 117 , D. Ripley 66 not out ) and
Richard Finn
Soon after Tolkiens and Ediths wedding, Tolkien embarked on a course at the British Army signals school at Otley
The Dúnedain, who became a secretive and wandering people known in Eriador as Rangers, visited Fornost, but most other folk avoided the ruined city; the Men of Bree called it "Deadmens Dike" and many believed it to be haunted
Originated from Elvish legends, in some parts it presents Elves as long gone, which hints that its final form was edited during the Fourth Age by Hobbits and/or Men
N. Knight b Mushtaq Ahmed 17
L.O. : Bodman , Longely & Dahling , Detroit
When the situation looked bleak for Gondor, the Éothéod arrived, crossing the Undeeps into Calenardhon and then over to the Limlight to attack the Balchoth and the Orcs from the rear
1. Stefka Kostadinova ( Bulgaria ) 2.03
News said dramatically lower earnings from the British arm of its Harper-Collins publishing division more than offset healthy results from its U.S. operation .
Stuttgart 2 ( Balakow 50th , Bobic 61st ) Werder Bremen 1 ( Votava
Smirnov said the Olympic Committee might ask the government to take measures to protect the country 's best athletes , some of whom have already chosen to live abroad for fear of a surge in crime in post-Soviet Russia .
STANSTED , England 1996-08-27
Enraged and fearful at the same time, the Mouth fled back to the Black Gate and set Mordors forces upon the Army of the West
The army would arrive at the fortress at midnight on March 3
Finarfin is said to have learned Telerin and he also gave his sons Telerin-influenced Quenya names
Angmar gets most of them, but when Arnor brings some to their outpost Morgomir and his forces destroy the outpost
Canadian bonds opened softer on Friday , pulled lower by a sinking U.S. market , but outperformed U.S. bonds on positive Canadian economic data , analysts said .
The Ring of Fire, Narya is then seen by the said Orc
The great Númenórean mariner Vëantur had a house in Rómenna; his friend Aldarion visited often and kept his ships there as well
Meanwhile, general Eärnil of Gondors southern army had defeated the Haradrim and rode north to defend his king
Thorin follows Azogs body but is stabbed in the foot and while he is incapacitated, Azog stabs him in the chest, mortally wounding the Dwarf but Oakenshield plunges Orcrist through Azogs chest and stabs him into the ice, killing the Orc
3. Peter Blank ( Germany ) 81.64
U.S. warplanes , ships in Gulf await Clinton order .
Angbor of Lamedon led a force defending Linhir from the Corsairs and he (and Lebennin itself) was rescued by Aragorn and his Army of the Dead, spirits of the Oathbreakers of Dunharrow
Dogs fierce enough to scare off burglars are becoming increasingly popular in the crime-infested Johannesburg area .
BALTIMORE 1996-08-25
Galadriel had passed away and Celeborn was also gone, and the land was silent." "There at last when the mallorn-leaves were falling, but spring had not yet come, she laid herself to rest upon Cerin Amroth; and there is her green grave, until the world is changed, and all the days of her life are utterly forgotten by men that come after, and elanor and niphredil bloom no more east of the Sea." — "The Lord of the Rings", Appendix A, "The tale of Aragorn and Arwen" Manwë (Quenya; IPA: - "Blessed One") was the leader of the Ainur, one of the Aratar, King of the Valar, husband of Varda, brother of the Dark Lord Melkor, and King of Arda
The other two gems remained in Morgoths hands, and were taken from him only at the end of the War of Wrath
Some stones were attuned to each other, for example the Ithil-stone and the Anor-stone, as these belonged to the brothers Isildur and Anárion and were mounted in sister cities
He took them to Rivendell, where Isildurs youngest son Valandil was fostered
" We have no doubt that this is one of the rarest of the rare cases , not merely due to the number of innocent human beings roasted alive by the appellants , but the inhuman manner in which they plotted the scheme and executed it , " Justice K.T. Thomas said in the verdict by a panel of three judges .
With his new mount, the Witch-king attacked the ruined city of Osgiliath with an army of Orcs and secured it
6. Nicoleta Grasu ( Romania ) 61.36
Otherwise, she and Bombadil are enigmas in Legendarium, not fitting easily into any of his definitions of sentient beings in his world
2. Germany ( Jens Fiedler , Michael Hubner , Soren Lausberg )
Ponting , Michael Slater , Darren Lehmann , Mark Waugh , Steve
Free of evil, the Elves were invited to Valinor and undertook a Great Journey across Middle-earth in which new Elven cultures were developed
Silver , basis the September contract on New York 's Comex market , was expected to find support at between $ 5.12 - $ 5.15 an ounce and meet resistance from $ 5.25 - $ 5.30 , they added .
Galadriel only briefly narrated the story to her, leaving out the death of Finwë, the Kinslaying at Alqualondë, and the burning of the ships at Losgar. But eventually she and Thingol learned the truth
Azog then tells Bolg to go to Gundabad and bring another Orc army to the battle
A group of Italian comics hope the joke will be on separatist leader Umberto Bossi next month when they lead the ancient Etruscan town of Orvieto in a mock split from Rome .
The sword was forged during the First Age by the famed Dwarven-smith Telchar of Nogrod; its knife mate was Angrist
Hadhafang was wielded by Elrond during the battle between the Last Alliance of Elves and Men and the forces of the Dark Lord Sauron on the slopes of Mount Doom
In his subsequent journey he becomes good friends with Legolas
As later related by Boromir to the Council of Elrond, Saurons forces came upon Osgiliath without warning, outnumbering the Men of Gondor which defended the city under Boromir and Faramirs command
Natalia Baudone ( Italy ) beat Jolene Watanabe ( U.S. ) 6-4 4-6 7-6 ( 8-6 )
The use of riverways in the region has been made a priority under a government plan for the Amazon and the high-speed hovercraft will help reduce the time involved in travelling often massive distances , it said .
Martin Wolk
Feyenoord Rotterdam 3 ( Sanchez 27th , Taument 44th , 57th )
Elanor Brandyfoot, attempting to lead them away from the Stranger, caught their attention, but the Dweller magically set the Harfoots carts on fire
Dmitry Kuznets
six seconds .
Suspecting that he intended to leave his promise to her unfulfilled, Ungoliant demanded the gems that Morgoth had stolen from Formenos before they could reach Angband
Excise Commissioner W.N.F. Chandraratne denies allegations that new guidelines in issue of liquor licences are aimed at forcing large number of liquor licence holders out of business for political reasons .
" We believe that the Israeli settlement policy in the occupied areas is an obstacle to the establishment of peace , " German Foreign Ministry spokesman Martin Erdmann said .
2. Anne Marken ( Belgium ) 55.90
Shirriffs were distinguished merely by a feather worn in their hats
" The government assessed the agreement as a crucial step to resolving the Yugoslav crisis , ensuring the restoration of peace in former Yugoslavia , " it said .
One of these proves to be the One Ring, which prompts Vortech to abduct Frodo Baggins from Moria just as Gandalf has fallen from the Bridge of Khazad-dûm with Durins Bane
Glóin was a Dwarf, the son of Thorin I and King of Durins Folk
Foreign ministry officials gave no details of the issues the king , who was accompanied by Foreign Minister Prakash Chandra Lohani , would discuss with Chinese leaders .
In the final account (the chapter "Of the Beginning of Days" of "The Silmarillion"), the two Lamps of the Valar themselves have names, and they are Illuin and Ormal - and it is Aulë, Yavanna, and Manwë who invent them
When the dark army arrives in Lórien, many Elves, as well as Galadriel and Celeborn, attempt to stop them
The majority of the Northmen fell into slavery and those that did not withdrew further north over the River Running and into Dale, where they joined with the Men of Dale
The Easterlings were initially successful, driving the Dwarves and Men of Dale back and besieging them for several days, but were later routed
x-PAO v Legia Warsaw ( Poland )
CRICKET - AUSTRALIA WIN TOSS , OPT TO BAT AGAINST ZIMBABWE .
TBN 30 15/9 Constanza / Inia $ 700,000 IOC .
At need, Thingol sent Beleg Cúthalion with great force of his Sindarin Elves west to fight alongside Halmir son of Haldan, Lord of the Haladin
HAMBURG , Germany 1996-08-22
2. Andrea Muller ( Germany ) 3.75
At the Battle of the Pelennor Fields in the , Éomer kills the Chief of the Mûmakil riders
It 's always tough to play somebody like that in the first round in a Grand Slam .
Four years later in TA 2758, a combined force of Dunlendings under the leadership of Wulf, Corsairs of Umbar, and Easterlings overran Rohan
A decade later, Lorgan and his Easterlings were among those who believed Húrin Thalion was in league with Morgoth when Húrin was released from Thangorodrim and sent to Hithlum with an escort
Angel Miranda retired one batter and Bob Wickman retired the next four but loaded the bases in the eighth .
In the 13th century of the Third Age, the Kings of Gondor made alliances with the Northmen of Rhovanion, a people thought to be distantly descended from the Edain, those peoples of Men who crossed into Beleriand in the First Age and later settled in Númenor
Belecthor I was the fifteenth Ruling Steward of Gondor
2013: : 2014: : Battle of Five Armies
- Financial negotiations between Lebanon and Pakistan .
Gorgûn was the name that the wild men of the Drúadan Forest used for Orcs in their own language
13. Mika Salo ( Finland ) Tyrrell 1:54.095
11. Heinz-Harald Frentzen ( Germany ) Sauber 1:53.199
The most obvious one with the greatest effect on the corporation was at Impala where we had the furnace failure , " Gilbertson said .
Armies of Easterlings from Khand and beyond the Sea of Rhûn reinforced Mordor, joined by men from Harad
2. Steve Backley ( Britain ) 82.20
French shares ended fractionally weaker as unease about union unrest slated for the autumn and a weaker franc got the better of a slight rise on Wall Street .
In August the same year , while in New Delhi to receive yet another award , she developed malaria , complicated by her heart and lung problems .
When the éored encountered Aragorns party, Éomer gave Hasufel to Aragorn in compensation for the presumed deaths of Merry and Pippin
In the Eco-Challenge , competitors race in teams of five which must include both men and women .
Beleg might have gotten the name "Strongbow" from Belthronding
Poland is seeking pacts on avoiding double taxation and wants cooperation in fighting crime .
ATHLETICS - JOHNSON , CHRISTIE , BAILEY TO RUN OWENS RELAY .
ISTANBUL 1996-08-22
Thorin fires an arrow at him, as they need the meat, and in the confusion Bombur sets the boat adrift and falls into the stream
N. Knight st Moin Khan b Saqlain Mushtaq 113
1990 - The United States won Saudi and Kuwaiti pledges to help pay for forces in the Gulf .
Eventually both Dark Lords were overthrown and defeated; Melkor was cast into the Void at the end of the First Age by his brethren, and Sauron was permanently weakened at the end of the Third Age by Frodo Baggins with the aid of Samwise Gamgee and Gollum, when they cast the One Ring into Mount Doom and robbed Sauron of most of his power
Mohammad Dahman , director of the Gaza-based Addameer Prisoners Support Association , said he was freed on Tuesday without being charged .
Although the Wainriders were destroyed in TA 1944, the threat of Dol Guldur led the Éothéod, led by Frumgar, to migrate north from the plains south of Mirkwood to the confined area between the rivers Langwell and Greylin, sources of the Great River Anduin, near where the Grey Mountains met the Misty Mountains
"May it be an evening star "Shines down upon you May it be when darkness falls Your heart will be true You walk a lonely road Oh! How far you are from home"" "Mornie utúlië (darkness has come) "Believe and you will find your way Mornie alantië (darkness has fallen) A promise lives within you now"" "May it be the shadows call Will fly away May it be you journey on To light the day When the night is overcome You may rise to find the sun"" "Mornie utúlië (darkness has come) Believe and you will find your way Mornie alantië (darkness has fallen) A promise lives within you now"" "A promise lives within you now" Quenya translation of the song
-- Caracas newsroom , 582 834405
He came to favour Vidugavia to whom he regarded the most faithful and reliable, and was Gondors ally in the war with the Easterlings
When asked specifically if he was suggesting a ban on cigarettes , Dole replied : " Oh no .
He denies Aragorns birthright to the throne of Gondor, refuses to light the beacons to call Rohan for aid and, after Osgiliath is captured by Mordors forces, sends Faramir and his men on a suicide mission to retake the ruined city
Guinea launched a drive on Wednesday to rid the civil service payroll of fictitious workers as part of new prime minister Sidia Toure 's campaign to cut government spending .
FLORIDA AT ST LOUIS
6. Estonia 8.52
As a result of the One Ring being destroyed, most of the trolls present at the battle were killed, and the others are known to have fled
Australian coach Geoff Marsh said he was impressed with the competitiveness of the opposition .
Krzysztof Zagorski ( Odra )
( Russia ) and Handrik Dreekmann ( Germany ) 6-3 7-6 ( 7-5 )
According to Robert Foster, the name Rúmil is Quenya
While the Ring of Barahir was not known to contain any magic or power, it is notable as one of the oldest crafted objects in Middle-earth
Bard also contributed gold for the rebuilding of Lake-town, and although the Master of Lake-town absconded with much of it, Lake-town was rebuilt and its people became prosperous
SOCCER - ISRAEL BEAT BULGARIA IN EUROPEAN UNDER-21 QUALIFIER .
Under the election rules citizens vote for a three-man presidency and House of Representatives for all Bosnia-Hercegovina and for assemblies and cantonal seats in either the Moslem-Croat Federation or the Republika Srbska .
10. Shiya Takeishi ( Japan ) Kawasaki 38:52.271
Hill won the game on the next point and said later that Jansher was generally honest on court but played by the referee 's decision .
" I 'd already had three local breeders have a look at them and sent photos and videos of the birds to the eastern states for authentication -- they said they 're nice birds , " Drew told reporters outside court .
Another prototype could be Fankil, who occupied the position of Morgoths lieutenant and seduced Men to do evil deeds, roles undertaken by Sauron in the published works
Estes ( 3-4 ) was lifted for closer Rod Beck after yielding a single with two out in the ninth .
English County Championship cricket matches on Friday :
During these wars, weapons and armies would not only become commonplace but a perfected art-form, which would bring many new machines of war
The Greek government was asked for an official meeting with the prime minister and the foreign minister and it said yes , " Reppas said .
In that day, Tulkas shall strive with Morgoth, and on his right hand shall be Eönwë, and on his left Túrin Turambar, son of Húrin, returning from the Doom of Men at the ending of the world; and the black sword of Túrin shall deal unto Morgoth his death and final end; and so shall the Children of Húrin and all fallen Men be avenged." "Thereafter shall the Earth be broken and remade, and the Silmarils shall be recovered out of Air and Earth and Sea; for Fëanor shall surrender them willingly
CAIRO 1996-08-22
Sjeng Schalken ( Netherlands ) beat David Rikl ( Czech Republic ) 6 - 2 6-4 6-4
The Russian command insisted that not all the weapons were the same as those taken .
During his reign the West-march was reconquered from the Dunlendings and Rohan finally recovered from the effects of the wars of the Long Winter
After a week of carefully orchestrated events signing into law bills passed by the Republican-controlled Congress , Clinton used his Saturday radio address to the nation to proudly " announce " a development in the war on crime .
In TA 2510, that land became Rohan and the Rohirrim were responsible for maintaining the stretch of the Great West Road that ran through their land
MANCHESTER , England 1996-08-30
A fight ensued when the brothers attempted to kidnap Lúthien, and Angrist was taken by Beren
Knowing that the One Ring would soon emerge, he anticipated that Boromir of Gondor would become seduced by its power and attempt to steal it from Frodo Baggins
It like the others grew in the Númenórean province of Nísimaldar
Of the 14 remaining suits , 10 were filed by employees of industrial Brush Wellman customers and Brush Wellman liability in such suits is typically covered by insurance , Timothy Reid , vice president of corporate communications , said on the call .
He came too late to rescue Ondoher, but managed to totally defeat the Wainriders at the Battle of the Camp
Nijmeh of Lebanon beat Nasr of Saudi Arabia 1-0 ( halftime 1-0 ) in their Asian club championship second round first leg tie on Saturday .
However, the Ñoldor did not escape unscathed by any means
Though neither the soldiers themselves nor their weapons reached the quality of the "Free Peoples", they were still quite deadly and could swarm over their enemies thanks to their large numbers
Later, Elrond delivers Andúril to Aragorn at Dunharrow, and urges him to reclaim the throne of Gondor and take command of the Army of the Dead
Mallos is a Sindarin name meaning "golden flower", apparently consisting of elements related to malt ("gold") + loth/loss ("flower"/"snow")
They live and hide in damp, moonless and sunless cellars, where they sit and count their gold
Last October he was invited to attend the referendum held on Iraq 's presidency , which extended Saddam 's term for seven more years .
ZIFA vice-chairman Vincent Pamire said Grobbelaar would take charge for a match against Tanzania in Harare on September 29 in the five-nation Castle Cup of Africa tournament and an African Nations ' Cup first round qualifier against Sudan in Khartoum on October 5 .
6. Hans de Clerq ( Belgium ) Palmans 27 seconds
Apparently, while under torment there, Gollum had confessed both that he had held the One Ring and that Bilbo had taken it to the Shire
In Théodens retreat to Helms Deep from the threat of Isengard in TA 3019, a scout reported that "wolf-riders" were abroad in the valley, but Wargs were not specifically mentioned
The Forest of Brethil was settled in by the Men of the Haladin, who guarded it and Doriath from all enemies
European Tour after the British Masters won by Robert Allenby on
He said the Bangladesh government had assured him it was taking the matter seriously .
Agents of the F.B.I. and the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms were also at the scene , Jordan said .
He joined with Gil-galads forces as they marched down the Anduin to Dagorlad
6. Paul Tracy ( Canada ) , Penske Mercedes-Benz , 54.620
At the citys center was Ingwës tower, Mindon Eldaliéva, whose silver lantern shone far out to sea
He also planned to travel to Sarajevo to oversee the formal dissolution of the separatist Croat mini-state in western Bosnia .
Pedro Diniz ( Brazil ) 1
Critics say that what was billed as an electoral process to reintegrate Bosnia as a single , multi-ethnic state is shaping up as a referendum on partition , de facto or de jure .
He said inflation was under control and the Hong Kong dollar was " rock solid " .
( Denmark ) 4:24.660
Leading results and overall standings after the 161 kilometre first stage of the Tour of the Netherlands between Gouda and Haarlem on Tuesday .
9. Maurizio Fondriest ( Italy )
PARIS 1996-08-31
VIENNA 1996-08-31
-- Caracas newsroom , 582 834405 REUTER JPR
3. Peter Karlsson ( Sweden ) , Falk Balzer ( Germany ) , George
Mike Oquist allowed one Montreal hit in the ninth .
The war brought a close to the Second Age and began the Third Age
A simply physical relationship does not by any means exist; it must be somewhat acknowledged by a man declining to consider different viewpoints, hurting both peoples souls and bodies
He was aided by the Lossoth until March, TA 1975 when, against their advice, he attempted to sail south on one of the ships of Círdan. The ship foundered in the heavy ices of the bay and Arvedui drowned, losing the Palantíri of the North in the process
His chosen royal name of Pharazôn which means "Golden" was in Adûnaic; his name in Quenya was Tar-Calion with "Calion" meaning "Son of Light"
9. Jason Rouser ( U.S. ) 46.11
5. Patrick Stevens ( Belgium ) 20.42
Officials fed Phan some soup , gave him medical care , kept him overnight and then fed him a large breakfast .
There was also a group of Ñoldorin exiles living in Eregion, near Khazad-dûm and also located in the western-most region of Eriador (and also in Middle-earth) was the High Elven Kingdom of Lindon, once the greatest and mightiest kingdom of Middle earth
Mithril was also called "true-silver" by Men or Moria-silver while the Dwarves had their own, secret name for it
asked Mustafa Hoshiyeh , a 27-year-old West Bank labourer turned around by a police patrol on a back road .
Stockport 0 Notts County 0
Finnish police said on Thursday they had arrested two men suspected of sexually abusing a captive 13-year-old girl , but did not believe the case was linked to others in Europe .
scores in the German Open golf championship on Thursday ( Britain
In flashback scenes in the video game "", a Númenórean king named Suladân besieged Saurons fortress, Sauron surrendered and offered Suladân one of the nine rings of power
Nasser Hussain 2 3 0 111 51 37.00
JOHANNESBURG 1996-08-26
NEW YORK 1996-08-26
In the War of the Ring, in the year TA 3019, a large force of Easterlings under Saurons command crossed and forded this river on their way to attack the Dwarf realm of the Lonely Mountain and the Mannish kingdom of Dale
CLEVELAND 1996-08-26
Heavy fighting broke out between two rival Kurdish factions in northern Iraq at midnight Sunday and at least 29 people were killed , one of the groups said on Monday .
Jamaican Commonwealth champion Michelle Freeman took second in 12.77 ahead of Cuban Aliuska Lopez .
If your team does well , you 'll do well .
" China is going through this power transition period .
7. Norihiko Fujiwara ( Japan ) Yamaha 38:43.253
The Free Peoples of Middle-earth also used halberds, though on a much lesser scale than their adversaries
Oval on Sunday :
Dagmor was a sword that belonged to Beren
However, unbeknownst to him, his armor was still imperfect; there remained a spot on his left breast "as bare as a snail out of its shell." Smaug is shown to be, cunning, violent, cruel, arrogant, and greedy, possessing an unquenchable desire for gold
After Saurons Orc-warriors had slain all of Barahirs remaining men but for his son Beren, who was out hunting Orcs, Gorlim appeared as a spectre before Beren, and confessed what he had done, giving Beren a chance to reclaim the Ring of Barahir, heirloom of his house, and escape alive
It was also the southern boundary of the Field of Celebrant, which was near the Elven realm of Lothlórien
His only weapons shown is a ranger bow with arrows and a broadsword for attack and defense
From Gencor 's perspective we are taking the position that it is not on , " Gilbertson said .
CHILPANCINGO , Mexico 1996-08-28
Then Kullervo throws himself onto the sword and dies
The domestic Yonhap news agency said the South Korean government would consider the northern demand only if the North accepted Seoul 's requests , which include regular reunions of families split by the Korean War .
They show that the gendarmes were aware that Dutroux was building cells in some of his houses for holding children , yet this information was either not passed on to other police forces searching for the missing girls or was overlooked when it was .
His name in Sindarin was "Gaerys"
"Craban, Crebain" - Sindarin word referring to an unfriendly species of black crows
The Burmese government last week confirmed the recent sentencing of nine democracy activists who were arrested in the May crackdown , including Suu Kyi 's assistant Win Htein .
CALIFORNIA AT BALTIMORE
Although there appears to be no clear origin of the name Nellas, it is likely to have been Sindarin and may have come from the Sindarin words nellad, nella or nelladel, which all mean "the sound of bells" (or "to sound the bells"), or perhaps the word nell, meaning "bell"
Costain 's contract to build the controversial Newbury bypass , which runs through a conservation area , has led to violent protests delaying building , bomb threats , staff intimidation and picketing of chief executive Alan Lovell 's home .
Instead, he disintegrates and the only thing left is his helmet
Hadorians - Haladin - Half-elves - Half-orcs - Half-trolls - Haradrim - Harfoots - Hill-trolls - Hobbits - Hobgoblins - Huorns L
Swiss authorities said on Wednesday they had arrested a former Rwandan mayor , now living in Switzerland , on suspicion of violating human rights during the genocide in his country in 1994 .
He led a large number of Durins folk south to establish a new Dwarf kingdom at Aglarond where they became known as the Dwarves of the Glittering Caves
Harry left the inn following the departure of Bill Ferny and a Squint-eyed Southerner
The first and last days of every year were other two extra days outside seasons and called "Yestarë" and "Mettarë" in Quenya respectively
Valandil, Isildurs youngest son, took up his rule in Annúminas, but his people were diminished, and of the Northern Dúnedain and of the Men of Eriador there remained now too few to people the land or maintain the places Elendil built; many of Dúnedain of Arnor had died in the War of the Last Alliance and the Disaster of the Gladden Fields
WHEAT SALES - The Commodity Credit Corp of USDA bought 18,278 tonnes of dark northern spring ( DNS ) wheat from Cargill Inc at $ 195.79 per tonne , FOB , for donation to Nicaragua .
SEOUL 1996-08-29
"Udûn" is a Sindarin word meaning Hell
Ruehe planned to meet his Israeli counterpart Yitzhak Mordechai and Israeli President Ezer Weizman , the ministry said .
Australian Davis Cup captain John Newcombe on Thursday signalled his possible resignation if his team loses an away tie against Croatia next month .
He bargained with them for Gold, and thus he betrayed his fellowship to the Orcs in the forest hideouts
The culture of Númenor became the dominant culture in the west of Middle-earth (thus, Westron, a descendant of the Adûnaic language of Númenor became the lingua franca)
Two die as New Hampshire motel explodes and burns .
Conversions : Andrew Mehrtens ( 2 ) .
2. Inez Turner ( Jamaica ) 2:01.98
17 - Felix Mantilla ( Spain ) beat Fernando Meligeni ( Brazil ) 6-1 6 - 7 ( 2-7 ) 7-6 ( 7-5 ) 6-3
- Opposition leader Nawaz Sharif renewed a pledge to oust the Pakistan People 's Party government headed by Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto .
He became an avid reader of fiction - introduced to Tolkiens writings around 1956 - and was newly engrossed in archaic European languages
After the Last Debate, the Men of the West assembled the Host of the West, 7,000 strong, led by Aragorn, who marched on the Black Gate as a diversionary feint to distract Saurons attention from Frodo and Sam, who were carrying the One Ring through Mordor to be destroyed in the fires of Mount Doom
In any case, when trying to pronounce "Sméagol", it should be kept in mind that the pronunciation rules given in the Appendices for "The Lord of the Rings" are for the Elvish languages, and not for (old) English representing Westron and related languages
As with the other names of the Kings of Gondor and their heirs, it is possible that the name "Faramir" is Quenya
Notably, the original version of the poem presented to Joy Hill ends with the words "your mast", whereas in Pauline Baynes illustrated poster, it instead ends with the words "my mast"
" The two-day visit will take place at the invitation of Jordanian Prime Minister Abdul-Karim al-Kabariti , " he told reporters .
Waterville WA 5.05 up .02 --- --- 4.6200 unc
Calenhir appears to mean "Green river" in Sindarin
Christie is due to retire from international competition at the end of the season although he may compete for Britain in next season 's European Cup .
The Mayor of the Shire was elected here, and it was also the location of the Lockholes and the famous Mathom-house
The new law was introduced with much fanfare in 1993 .
I expect to have a great deal of up and down days between now and then , " she said of the November 5 election date .
Bilbo and Gandalf also join the men in their fight, killing several Orcs and Goblin Mercenaries in the process
King Hassan of Morocco met former Israeli prime minister Shimon Peres on Thursday at the coastal resort of Skhirat , 20 km ( 12 miles ) south of Rabat , an official source said .
"Daro "- Sindarin word meaning Descend
4. Natalia Voronova ( Russia ) 22.73
Bilbo afterwards relayed to the Dwarves what he had learned, but a thrush, hearing the information, flew to Lake-town and told Bard, a descendant of the Men of Dale, of Smaugs weakness
ST LOUIS AT HOUSTON
An army of Mordor used siege-towers in Gondor, the evening before the Battle of the Pelennor Fields, to attack the Othram of Minas Tirith and invade the city
In TA 2941, he and large number of Guldur Orcs were summoned by Sauron (disguised as The Necromancer) and gathered in the old fortress of Dol Guldur to prepare for war against Free Peoples in the region of Rhovanion
After following up on this with Carruthers, Howe goes to his easel, is seen finishing a large pencil sketch of a Hobbit, and signs it
"See main article": "Bilbos Mithril shirt" Of all items made of "mithril", the most famous is the "small shirt of mail" retrieved from the hoard of the dragon Smaug, and given to Bilbo Baggins by Thorin Oakenshield
Recovery and last days of the Third Age
- Building materials firm CRH refused to comment on reports that it is about to pay 180 million pounds stering for U.S. stone and concrete business Tilcon Inc .
But new Springbok skipper Gary Teichmann has recovered from a bruised thigh and is ready to play , coach Andre Markgraaff said .
Working in the basement of the National Archives , members of the Civil War Conservation Corps are organising the military records of volunteers who fought for the North so that they can be preserved on microfilm .
Susan Nadeau
Arveleg swiftly struck back in alliance with the Men of Cardolan and drove back the invading hordes for a time
Xhelili said Thompson , who is divorced , said he befriended the boys , both aged under 10 , because they reminded him of his own children who live with his former wife in London .
Copper scrap , Midwest and East coast average price ,
The group is then saved by the eagles, who fly them to safety on the Carrock. Azog then continues his hunt with the rest of his Orc army
TORONTO 1996-08-23
The Nazgûl who guarded the castle were absent, and its army had been defeated three times by the Elves of Lórien and also by Thranduil in the Battle Under the Trees
Azog engages Thorin in combat and has him beaten, until the Dwarf Prince grabs a fallen oak branch and uses it as a shield against the Orcs mace
In response, King Ondoher led the main army north to counter the Easterling invasion, but was ambushed before the Black Gate, defeated and killed
Machado 's publicists said on Thursday she was scheduled to stay in Los Angeles for promotional work with sponsors before returning to Venezuela on Sept .
FORT WORTH , Texas 1996-08-28
Sindarin has a complex series of
"Gondor" means Land of Stone, from Sindarin gond (stone) + (n)dor (land), most likely given to it because of the White Mountains (Ered Nimrais) and other mountain chains in the land (hypothetical Quenya name Ondonórë)
Later, the Fallohides crossed the Misty Mountains and settled in the Angle for a time before abandoning the area due to the evil power of Angmar
The name Idril is the Sindarin form of her Quenya name Itarillë" "(or Itarildë), which means "sparkling brilliance"
Syria accused Israel on Wednesday of launching a hysterical campaign against it after Israeli television reported that Damascus had recently test fired a missile .
Because of the apparent threat to foreigners in Costa Rica near the Nicaraguan border , Arce said the government has advised many to take additional security measures on their own .
The Gnomes also originally spoke Gnomish, a Welsh-like language that later became Sindarin
TAIPEI 1996-08-27
After Moslem suicide bombers killed 59 people in Israel in February and March , Weizman called for peace efforts with the PLO to be suspended .
The Haradrim were said to be skilled horsemen, though not of prowess near to the Rohirrim
Emeldir bore Barahir two children: a son, who was the renowned Beren Erchamion ("Beren the One-handed"), and a daughter, Hiril
Former world heavyweight champion Frank Bruno has quit the ring on medical advice , Britain 's Sun newspaper reported on Friday .
HARLEYSVILLE , Pa .
The Men of Dale were able to understand the birds speech, and thrushes served the men as messengers
LONDON 1996-08-26
He said he was not satisfied with some of Perry 's answers to the committee 's questions in closed testimony last month .
CHISINAU 1996-08-31
Tuor was captured and sent to the Easterlings and sold into slavery
His father-name is Arafinwë, the "Noble-Finwë", from the Quenya "ara" ("noble, high, royal")
Wall Street had expected the company to earn $ 0.17 a share in its fourth quarter , ended June 30 , according to First Call .
The treaty agreed unexpectedly two weeks ago will end years of disputes over the status of Romania 's large ethnic Hungarian minority .
Lammoth was the land of "the Great Echo", and it was so named because it was where Morgoth and Ungoliant fled after the darkening of Valinor and Morgoths theft of the Silmarils
Chinese official media has often accused foreign forces , notably the United States , of seeking to support Tibetan independence activists .
After the Battle of Dagorlad the army of the Last Alliance entered Mordor and besieged the Barad-dûr for seven years
After three years training and planning, in SA 3434, the army crossed the Misty Mountains and marched south to Mordor
2. Patricia Djate-Taillard ( France ) 4:08.22
The paper said that using administrative power to limit economic activities across the Taiwan strait would not work .
With the army of Gondor facing destruction, however, the Éothéod arrived to turn the tide of the Battle of the Field of Celebrant
Top Belarus politician blasts president .
SRINAGAR , India 1996-08-22
Practitioners of dark sorcery were named Sorcerers and these included: Sonia Forbes-Adam is an English (specifically Somerset) actress who portrayed Belladonna (Took) Baggins in the extended edition of ""
Results from the $ 450,000 Toshiba Classic tennis tournament on Saturday ( prefix number denotes seeding ) :
He accompanied Prince Aldarion on the ship Hirilondë during his many journeys to Middle-earth
Aragorn led two thousand men (from the ones he led to Minas Tirith in the ships of the Corsairs); Éomer led five hundred Rohirrim who didnt have horses and another five hundred of his best riders on horse, Imrahil led three and a half thousand men on foot; a final unit consisted of the Knights of Dol Amroth, the sons of Elrond, and the Dúnedain Rangers, making up five hundred more horsemen
Bilbo bade farewell to Thorin as he lay dying and then left with Gandalf and a modest share of the treasure
Elladan and Elrohir were the twin sons of Elrond the Half-elves and Celebrían of Rivendell, and were noted for their close friendship and cooperation with the Dúnedain of the North, Rangers of the North, and Men in general, and for their deeds during the War of the Ring
South of the Great River, however, the former Kings Men did not accept his claim, becoming the Black Númenóreans
Gazprom , Russia 's biggest company by market capitalisation , has massive reserves and potentially huge earnings .
Men were slain, and the formation started crumbling
His most commonly used weapons are dual swords, knives, throwing axes, and a war hammer. Kíli, on the other hand, is the Companys archer, but is also shown using a sword
In the theatrical release of Peter Jacksons film "", the battle with the Corsairs occurs off-screen and the Army of the Dead accompanies Aragorn to Minas Tirith to defeat Saurons Orcs, after which Aragorn declares their curse lifted
On Monday , just 15 minutes before his flight was due to depart , Liam decided not to travel with the rest of the group , which includes his brother Noel .
6. Baldato 77
After Eärendils embassy was complete, Eönwë, the herald of Manwë, came to him and the others and set them upon another ship
While Medvedev 's 77-minute romp past Fleurian was rather ordinary , the fact that the two were playing each other was rather remarkable .
The Men of Lake-town, or Esgaroth, spoke Dalish, which was related to Rohirric and a dialect based on Old Norse between themselves, but Westron when talking to other people
At the site where Illuin fell the inland Sea of Helcar was formed, of which Cuiviénen was a bay
"Edhellen" - Sindarin for of the Elves or anything Elvish in general
The name Finduilas comes from the Sindarin elements "fin" ("hair"), a common prefix in the House of Finwë , "duil," which may have come from the "ethuil" ("spring"), and "las" ("leaf")
Australia 's six states and two territories are involved in heated debate over the introduction of tough new firearm laws , including the banning rapid fire weapons , after a shooting massacre in the island state of Tasmania .
It was the third time Berry had six RBI in one game .
"Sindarin" is actually a Quenya term
Under the military reorganization in the time of King Folcwine, the size of a full éored was determined to be at least 120 men
Adso was a trader there who owned the shop
Shore was kept in contact throughout, and even had several pieces re-recorded after Smaugs theme was orchestrated with high trumpets making "Smaug sound like a James Bond villain." Box Office
He also had the ruins of Fornost Erain rebuilt and made it a great city where Men dwelt once again
This light she was denied by the will of Fëanor. Doing what she and Nienna could, they managed to bring forth one silver flower from Telperion and one golden fruit from Laurelin
The Dúnedain were singing marching songs and generally of good cheer as dusk drew close, at which time the lusty men heard the strain of Orcs in the forest hills
The one-day match between Sri Lanka and a World XI was abandoned on Saturday because of rain .
Unfazed, the Orc examines Gandalfs hand and discovers Narya
A member of the Éoherë can serve a term or on a permanent basis
At least part of the speculation in the Belgian media of high-level protection for Dutroux and his accomplices is based on leaked documents cataloguing a high degree of police bungling , incompetence and indifference .
He is vocally despondent when Aragorn, Legolas and Gimli depart for the lair of the Army of the Dead, but is silenced by Théoden, who declares that the Rohirrim will ride into battle no matter their prospects of success
Spain travels to Belgium , while the U.S. team heads to the Netherlands for first-round matches March 1-2 .
It is unsure where this soundtrack was used in the film
MOSCOW 1996-08-26
Pakistan : Aamir Sohail , Saeed Anwar , Ijaz Ahmed , Inzamam-ul-Haq , Salim Malik , Wasim Akram ( captain ) , Moin Khan , Mushtaq Ahmed , Waqar Younis , Ata-ur-Rehman , Saqlain Mushtaq .
Náin was the grandson of King Dáin I of Durins Folk, the son of Dáins youngest son Grór, and the father of Dáin Ironfoot
Below are two interpretations of the nature and extent of the Gift of Men as articulated by Tolkien
+2 Clarence Rose through 9
5. Tegla Loroupe ( Kenya ) 15:08.79
Zenith has been plagued by generally soft conditions in the colour television industry , reporting full-year losses since 1989 .
BAGHDAD 1996-08-31
Dwarven shields are little-known, but the warriors of the Iron Hills wore a circular shield on their backs
( Germany ) , Alexander Cejka ( Germany ) , Hal Sutton , Tom Lehman
Its name in Khuzdul was Tumunzahar, of unknown meaning
With this, the Wainriders plans to attack Calenardhon were changed and they instead set out to confront Calimehtar
Faster economic growth is a major component of ND 's economic programme and Evert has repeatedly blamed the socialists for the slow economic growth .
Globo quoted Pessina 's lawyer as saying he had already been imprisoned in Italy and , when freed , travelled to Brazil .
Thus, languages such as Quenya and Sindarin are said to be derived from the speech of Oromë, the Valar and huntsman who first encountered the Elves after the Awakening at Cuiviénen
To make them, Fëanor captured some of the intermingled light from the Two Trees of Valinor and by unknown means contained it, imperishable, into three large diamond-like gems
Jaora n.a Yellow - -
Wasim rattled along to 30 not out , outscoring his partner who was unbeaten on 24 at the break , although the weather was again threatening to play the dominant role .
Sandra Dopfer ( Austria ) beat Zina Garrison Jackson ( U.S. ) 2-6 6-3 7-5
Jim Adams
Ered Lithui is Sindarin and means Ash Mountains or Ashy Mountains
Thousands of farmers threw up roadblocks across France overnight , stopping and checking lorries suspected of importing meat from outside the European Union , French radios reported on Thursday .
CHICAGO 1996-08-30
Williams seized two wickets in two deliveries and left-armer Ilott also captured two as Gloucestershire , 252 behind on first innings , slumped to 27 for four at the close on the third day of the four-day game at Colchester .
These messengers should be "mighty peers of Sauron, yet forgo might, and clothe themselves in flesh," as they were intended to help Men and Elves unite against Sauron
Trailing fellow Indian Ocean islanders Mauritius 1-0 from the first leg , they were held to a 1-1 draw at home on Saturday despite playing against 10 men for most of the match .
The Dunlendings dropped their weapons and surrendered, while the Uruk-hai fled into the forest
The name Caragdûr is Sindarin for "dark spike"
A fire bomb was thrown over the fence into the grounds of the U.S. Consulate-General in Indonesia 's second largest city of Surabaya but no one was hurt , a mission official said on Wednesday .
John Kerry , even though she is n't old enough to vote .
When the Witch-kings stronghold in Angmar fell under attack by the native Black Númenóreans, the new troll army crushed them and the Witch-king gave them a choice, either their wills or their lives would be forfeit
Newcrest said earnings from the Telfer and Boddington mines were lower than the previous year due to lower head grades at the mines , forcing gold production lower .
She won two Academy Awards in 2005 and 2014, for roles in "The Aviator "and "Blue Jasmine", and has received over a hundred other film awards
The Tower of Cirith Ungol was a fortress in western Mordor that guarded the pass of Cirith Ungol
Isildur cursed the King of the Dead and his army
Théoden said "A rash vow he spoke, as he drained the horn at the feast which Brego made to hallow new-built Meduseld, and he never came to the high seat of which he was the heir"
Some analysts say the Kremlin leader , whose order sending troops and tanks into Chechnya in 1994 started Russia 's ill-fated military campaign , could merely be reluctant to put his name to a peace process which might fall apart .
10. Kaspars Ozers ( Latvia ) Motorola all same time
The Nauglamír and its Silmaril were then brought to Dior
Ettens is a Westron term used for Ogres, Giants or another monster-like race
The Elvish Linguistic Fellowship (E.L.F.) is an organization devoted to the scholarly study of the invented languages of J.R.R. Tolkien, headed by Carl F
Conversion : Henry Honiball .
Mexican growers and distributors would have to abide by strict rules established by the Mexican and U.S. agriculture agencies .
Similar to "" players, players of the Strategy Battle Game commonly collect and paint one army (or more) of their choice and find opponents (with similarly collected armies) to play against
In the first season of , it is said that Disa, wife of Durin IV, discovered mithril during a routine mining operation
JOHANNESBURG 1996-08-28
The Italian cabinet on Wednesday granted a reprieve for media mogul Silvio Berlusconi 's Mediaset television empire with a decree extending the current legal framework for television stations until January 31 , 1997 .
"Calimmacil" is Quenya for "Sword of Light"
A Guinean man , detained in a round-up in the Saint-Bernard church a week ago , was deported on a scheduled Air France flight to Conakry after his appeals failed , a spokesman for Air France 's pro-Socialist CFDT union said .
Netanyahu , who opposes trading occupied land for peace , made Jerusalem a central issue in his election campaign , accusing Labour Prime Minister Shimon Peres of planning to hand control of the Arab eastern part of the city to the Palestinians .
It would have taken the Drúedain from sunrise to noon to walk it, but it required around ten hours for all of Rohans army to get through
Any Orcs and Wargs that could not escape from the battlefield, were put down by Gimli, Legolas and the men of Rohan
A British newspaper said Margaret Thatcher was so shaken by an IRA attempt on her life when she was prime minister in 1984 that an astrologer was asked to warn her against future threats .
Númenóreans were not immortal as the Elves or Ainur, however in gratitude for their service during the War of Wrath, they were blessed with extended lifespans averaging three times those of other men
Dwalins blue beard in "The Hobbit" may have been inspired by this character, or have indicated descent from the house of Nauglith (of the two houses of the Dwarves stated in drafts of "The Hobbit")
His faction, the Men of the Mountains, can either join in an alliance with Islidurs or Saurons factions, or can go their own route and conquer both the Númenóreans and Mordor
6. Mika Hakkinen ( Finland ) McLaren 1:52.318
The Mûmakil Mahûd or chief of the Mûmakil led the other Haradrim and Mûmakil-riders into combat at the Battle of the Pelennor Fields
Major League Baseball
Kahliel is the chief of a small Haradrim Village near Far Harad and has a only son named Abaan
Norris said Tuesday 's surgery involved placing five balloons in DeJesus 's forehead , shoulders and the back of her neck and partially filling them with a saline solution .
Galvorn is a Sindarin word meaning shining and black
In Dole 's address to a group that was largely white , the presidential nominee likened the stream of illegal drugs into the United States to missiles aimed at American children and promised to appoint federal judges who would be tough on illegal drug use .
At California , Tino Martinez 's two-run homer keyed a three-run first and Andy Pettitte became the league 's first 19-game winner as the New York Yankees beat the Angels 6-2 .
Morgomir advised the Witch-king to coerce with the troll, and just as he had predicted, the troll and his legions of snow and hill trolls bowed to what was soon named The Iron Crown
Goldberry was as beautiful and youthful as an Elf-Queen, with long yellow hair that ""rippled down her shoulders"," fair skin, a clear voice that was "as young and as ancient as Spring, like the song of a glad water flowing down into the night from a bright morning in the hills", and she moved with a "slender grace" that delighted those who observed her
Gil-galad and Celebrimbor believe this tale to be true, and furthermore that the remnants of the Silmarils light in mithril could save the Elven race from fading and being forced to return to Valinor
MEXICO CITY 1996-08-25
It should be noted that the death of the Orc captain in the film is similar to the end of Snaga
The name Elendil is a Quenya word meaning "Friend of Elves", from the word "elen" ("elves") and "ndil" ("friend, devoted to")
France hands suspected ETA member to Spain .
LONDON 1996-08-26
He told Jackson that Lennon would have been Gollum, Ringo Sam, and Harrison Gandalf
JYVASKYLA , Finland 1996-08-24
Celeborn appears in "The Lord of the Rings Online"
Forwards - Oliver Bierhoff , Fredi Bobic , Juergen Klinsmann , Stefan Kuntz .
Olwë refused, thus the Kinslaying at Alqualondë commenced, and Fëanor and his seven sons stole the ships and killed many of the Falmari
CARLSBAD , California 1996-08-22
Both Iran and Turkey mount air and land strikes at targets in northern Iraq in pursuit of their own Kurdish rebels .
Tauriel means "Forest maiden," from the Sindarin words "taur" ("wood, forest") and the feminine suffix "-iel" ("daughter, maiden")
6. Gerhard Berger ( Austria ) Benetton 29.896
The local polls next month will be the first since 1987 in the state , clamped under direct rule from New Delhi since 1990 .
Interfax quoted Levrentyeva 's colleagues as saying that judges were generally unprotected against criminal attacks .
Saurons forces were driven back from the Grey Havens, and retreating to the Gwathló found their way blocked by the second Númenórean army
ATHLETICS - MASTERKOVA BREAKS SECOND WORLD RECORD IN 10 DAYS .
Michael Stich nearly pulled out of the U.S. Open in protest over the men 's seeding fiasco but the former Wimbledon champion was glad he stayed after sweating out a four-set win on Monday over qualifier Tommy Haas .
Ard-galen is a Sindarin word meaning Green Region
NEW YORK 1996-08-23
CRICKET - PAKISTAN NEED 48 RUNS TO WIN THIRD AND FINAL TEST .
"The Lord of the Rings" film trilogy
This mace is depicted as incredibly powerful, much like its owner, and capable of scattering multiple opponents with a single stroke
First , Sohail , after making 48 , was bowled by Croft as he stepped back to try and hit through the off-side .
" We are in the late stages of the weaker period of the market , and as we get to the post Labor Day market we will start to see more consumer interest and the demand side of the market will start to firm prices up , " said William O'Neill of Merrill Lynch .
As such, Fëanor decided to simply abandon all those whose loyalty to him was not absolute in Aman, and he and his followers slipped away one night in the ships
The text concerns "direct thought-transmission" (telepathy), or "sanwe-latya" ("thought-opening") in Quenya
Drúwaith Iaur was supposedly one of the homes to the remnants of the Drúedain or Woses, and perhaps other Men who had once lived in the White Mountains, but its population was never fully established by J.R.R. Tolkien
Orodreths wife was a Sindarin lady of the North, and they had two children: "Finduilas" and Gil-galad
Kurt Schork
3. Armstrong 2 seconds
In the meantime, Saurons One Ring was found by two Stoors in the Gladden River
The winds of wrath came driving him, and blindly in the foam he fled from west to east and errandless, unheralded he homeward sped
The three-month cash bill traded at 4.04 percent against the U.S. three-month bill at 5.26 percent .
Tommi Makinen of Finland , driving a Mitsubishi , on Monday won the 1,000 Lakes Rally , sixth round of the world championship .
S. Ganguly c de Silva b Dharmasena 16
In the First Age, lembas was wrapped in "leaves of silver [...] a wafer of white wax shaped as a single flower of Telperion." Etymology
Celeborn is pronounced ‘Keleborn’ and not ‘Seleborn’, as with all Sindarin (and Quenya) c consonants - "c" is always pronounced like "k" in English
Several centuries later attacks by Orcs and Haradrim intensified and in TA 2901 the raids grew so severe that the remainder of the population of Ithilien fled across the Anduin and Gondor withdrew from the province
- Slovenian police briefly detain two Bosnian opposition leaders in Ljubljana and cancel opposition political rallies in Ljubljana and Maribor .
Fingon was a renowned archer and, with his company of archers, even drove back a young Glaurung
4. Stefano Zanini ( Italy ) 88
Captain and goalkicker Bobbie Goulding scored 18 points .
Tranmere , Grimsby v Portsmouth , Huddersfield v Crystal Palace ,
Haarlem and Almere on Wednesday :
-- E. Auchard , Wall Street bureau , 212-859-1736
Just hours before Wednesday 's shooting , three hand grenades were thrown at a police station in Celopek .
Brazilian striker Marcelo scored a hat-trick as PSV Eindhoven maintained their 100 percent record and stayed on top of the Dutch first division with a 3-1 win at Volendam on Wednesday .
His appeal to the opposition to back his attempt to oust Iliescu was unlikely to succeed , analysts said .
J.R.R. Tolkien "translated" Westron into English in his text, so to represent its ancient relative that the Rohirrim spoke, he substituted Old English
It was possibly derived from the Quenya word "salma", meaning "lyre"
Disney were interested, but balked at the violence; no other studio was interested in making a widescreen epic
"Ring-bearer" was chiefly a title used for those individuals who, at some point in their lives, carried and/or wore the One Ring of Power
The newspaper said the Central Bank special administration of Banespa ends in December 30 and after that the bank has to be liquidated or turned into a federal bank since there are no conditions to return Banespa to Sao Paulo state government .
Bilbo Baggins initials BB were imprinted on the cover in gold and it was very smooth, soft and silky to the touch
WARSAW 1996-08-31
After briefly working for a smithy, Halbrand is imprisoned for brutally incapacitating three of four men who had tried to mugged him in the streets of the city
4 - Kimiko Date ( Japan ) beat 2 - Conchita Martinez ( Spain ) 6-2 7-5 .
And all will turnTo silver glass.A light on the water,All souls pass
However, as an utterly pitiless and merciless being, acts of compassion, mercy, or pity were entirely beyond his comprehension, and he seemed to have a serial tendency to underestimate the valor and capabilities of his foes
The Corsairs of Umbar were pirates who hailed from the havens of Umbar are were masters of the sea and ships
3. Kocinski 254
HK civil servants contest ban on China panel .
Winger Lee Sharpe hit a superb strike from the edge of the penalty area to give Leeds their first win of the season on Monday and leave hapless Wimbledon anchored at the bottom of the England premier league .
They were also joined by Frodo and Bilbo Baggins, Hobbits who were among the very few mortal beings to be allowed passage to the Undying Lands
PHILADELPHIA AT SAN DIEGO
The Dúnedain were never numerous in Rhudaur; a large part of its population was native Hill-men
It said the demise of the Net Book Agreement had hurt the British operations , and weak performances from the San Francisco unit of Harper-Collins had not helped .
The King alone was allowed to utter prayers and thanksgivings there to Eru Ilúvatar, during the feasts of Erukyermë, Erulaitalë, and Eruhantalë
When Sharkeys Ruffians arrived at Bywater to put down the hobbit rebellion, the first person to talk to them was Farmer Cotton
He had a younger sister named Primrose, who was the mother of Lobelia Sackville-Baggins
CRICKET - ENGLAND NAME SQUAD FOR ONE-DAY INTERNATIONALS .
The land of England is what remains of an island formerly shattered in prior warfare of the Gods
Lokomotiva Kosice 2 Kerametal Dubnica 0
Before they could reach a conclusion the alarm was sounded in the Havens of an attack of Corsairs
NEW YORK 1996-08-31
Diego Borrego ( Spain ) 69 63
The Elves of Doriath pursued the smiths to their deaths and reclaimed the Nauglamír
The term Lissuin might somehow be related to the Quenya term "issë" ("sweet")
5/8 - Meluawati ( Indonesia ) beat Chan Chia Fong ( Malaysia ) 11-6
In other words, squabbles over whether the elves or the men could collect (or had to pay) tolls for passing down the river
The influence of Telerin, made the Ñoldorin Quenya to differientate from Vayarin Quenya
Preliminary reports said the couple were kidnapped on the " Altamira " farm , owned by Dutchman Richard Wisinga , at Aguas Zarcas de San Carlos near the Costa Rica-Nicaragua border .
The independence of the judiciary and the rule of law were of paramount importance to Hong Kong 's survival as a business centre .
Eärendur was the fifteenth Lord of Andúnië and a leader of the Faithful
2. Armstrong 3 seconds behind
Juan Gonzalez homered twice and Ivan Rodriguez added a two-run shot as the Texas Rangers defeated the Cleveland Indians 5-3 in a matchup of division leaders Friday .
It is also stated that "a wealth of sweet-smelling herbs and shrubs" and a vast array of tree species grew in Ithilien, some of them having been planted by men in days of peace, and that despite desolation the land "kept still a disheveled dryad loveliness"
It is difficult to decipher any possible origin of the name, but it may have come from the Sindarin words "dîr", meaning "man" (although can be translated as "hard"), "hav", meaning "sit", or possibly "haust", meaning "rest", and "el", which means "star"
Kemp told a crowd of about 300 African Americans in south central Los Angeles , " Keep your eyes open , keep your ears open , keep your heart open .
Provision was also made for the continuing defense of Minas Tirith should the desparate gambit fail, with Aragorn revealing that more Men from southern Gondor would soon arrive, leaving the citys garrison stronger than before Saurons assault began
Shopkeepers still board up their windows and many residents leave town for the weekend , but for four or five years there has been no disorder and relatively little crime .
Bonds has been limited to a pinch-hitting role since an MRI Friday showed a mild strain of his left hamstring .
Other issues with the story that were inventions or removals by Guy Gavriel Kay (and Christopher Tolkien) are also discussed in "The History of Middle-earth" include Thingol being slain inside his palace and: "Beren and Lúthien" restores much of the original story as J.R.R. Tolkien had originally conceived it moving Thingols death during a wolf-hunt outside of Menegroth (Thousand Caves), after the battles with the Dwarves hired to work the gold inside
Talbott to meet Russian , Canadian counterparts .
Wasim Akram b Croft 6
In TA 1248, Rómendacil II of Gondor destroyed all camps of the Easterlings even beyond the Sea of Rhûn, and a strong alliance with the Northmen princes of Rhovanion was forged
A Polish diplomat on Thursday denied a Polish tabloid report this week that Libya was refusing exit visas to 100 Polish nurses trying to return home after working in the North African country .
The Dúnedain were lords of long life, great power, and wisdom; far superior to the Men of Middle-earth among whom they dwelt and whom they ruled
Playing with friends in a meadow just outside the permitted boundaries of home, Harfoots Elanor Brandyfoot, Poppy Proudfellow, and Dilly Brandyfoot discover a recent footprint of a dangerous wolf
Shelbourne - Mark Rutherford ( 5th )
He then thirsted unquenchably for the Elves, and went back to Tavrobel the Old and dwelt at the House of the Hundred Chimneys (where grows still the child of the child of the Pine of Balawryn) where he wrote the Golden Book: "The Book of Lost Tales and the History of the Elves of Luthany: The Golden Book of Tavrobel"
Namibia , who drew 0-0 with Botswana in their first leg , won the second leg in Windhoek 6-0 to stretch their unbeaten run to eight matches and continue their remarkable progress on the African soccer stage .
The stake represented 0.042 percent of Gazprom 's capital .
- MIDEAST GULF / RED SEA
67 Jeff Hawksworth , Padraig Harrington ( Ireland ) , Michael
SEOUL 1996-08-31
- At least 20 people were killed when the two trucks in which they were travelling collided at Nhamavila about 160 km north of Maputo on Saturday , the Maputo daily Noticias said .
This long separation from the Vanyar and the Ñoldor caused the Telerin language to sunder from Quenya of the other Calaquendi
Later Tauriel treats Kílis wound with Kingsfoil, after which Óin remarks to Fíli that he has heard of the wonders of elvish medicine, and regards it as a privilege to see it in action
Meri garnered 49 votes and Meri 34 in Tuesday 's ballot for the five-year presidency of Estonia .
Tracy is the great-granddaughter of Democratic former President Franklin Roosevelt , and support for Democrats runs in the family .
Khîm escaped the attack but died of his wounds at Amon Rûdh before his father returned with Túrin and his men
Although Sauron was defeated, the West was never wholly free of enemies, and Elessar and Éomer rode together to war many times
Two days later, Éomers Éored encountered Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli, whom Éomer told of the battle
He uses his Free Peoples cards to attempt to traverse the site-path and destroy the One Ring
ATLANTA 81 47 .633 -
Windbeam was used at the Battle of the Black Gate, but this is told of only in Tolkiens second or third draft of the chapter of "The Return of the King, ""Mount Doom"
They governed themselves, but cooperated with the Marchwardens of Doriath
Silvan Elvish originally developed as a dialect of Nandorin
In the "Return of the King "video game, the dead army glows a more blue color, and Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli are all able to harm them
Then we 'll see if Arantxa will be there , too . "
But Milwaukee tied it up in the bottom of the ninth on pinch-hitter Dave Nilsson 's two-run double .
3. Lee Westwood 301,972
Our mission in Chechnya has done all it can within the given limitations . "
Losgar was a region located at the mouth of the Firth of Drengist in Middle-earth
In comments to reporters and a statement on Tuesday , Iraqi diplomats said the cost of the monitors and other staff , which Baghdad has to finance , surpasses funds allocated for electricity , water , sewers , education and agriculture .
Although most of the Northmen of Rhovanion fell into slavery, some survivors of the sack and people made into fugitives by the Wainriders takeover followed Marhwini, the son of the Marhari southwest into the Vales of Anduin south of Mirkwood where they settled
J. Crawley not out 94
69 76 , Miguel Angel Martin ( Spain ) 75 70
Given how unlikely it is that any of the Nine were female, most fans are agreeable, though, with the identity of Morgomir being given to the 7th King of Men and the 3rd and last of the trio of former Black Numenoreans to fall under the thraldom of the Great Rings
Peter Laca
His name is a compromise between the Sindarin "Faenor" and the Quenya Fëanáro, meaning "Spirit of fire"
During the events of "", Dwalins weapons are stripped from him after being captured by the Wood-elves of Mirkwood
The Yellow Mountains were one of the seven mountain ranges that came into existence after Melkor struck down the Two Lamps
HAARLEM , Netherlands 1996-08-27
Théoden and his men rode back to Helms Deep with the remnant of the Fellowship, while Gandalf set out for Minas Tirith with Pippin
France expels African , Air France unions protest .
CHICAGO 1996-08-27
Each faction can also win by acquiring the One Ring after a complicated set of events
But Haradrim were also present, and among them was a "mounted champion", so the horsemen may have been Southron cavalry, with possible Orc-horse riders, or there may have been more than two groups of horsemen present: one from Minas Morgul, and another from Harad
SINGAPORE 1996-08-26
In the extended edition of Jacksons "", the shards of Narsil appear as Bilbo Baggins explores Rivendell, after he, Gandalf, and Thorin Oakenshields company of Dwarves take refuge there during their quest to reclaim Erebor
GENEVA 1996-08-23
He lived from 1340-1432 Shire Reckoning, and attended Bilbo Bagginss birthday party in 1401 Shire Reckoning
CARACAS 1996-08-28
4 - Goran Ivanisevic ( Croatia ) vs. Andrei Chesnokov ( Russia )
Seven to the Dwarf Lords, nine to mortal Men and three left to the Elves
As such, he persuaded his host to aid him in taking the ships by force
With the first rising of the Sun in the West, Men awoke in Hildórien
The arrows themselves are roughly two metres in length with heavy twisted steel heads, combining elements of both spears and harpoons. The Black Arrows are the only known weapons with enough power to pierce the armoured hide of dragons
As Oromet was as high and as close as Men could get to the Undying Lands without a ship, Tar-Minastir, who longed for them, built a high tower upon the hill
1. William Tanui ( Kenya ) 3:54.57
The boat was towed to the port city of Buenaventura .
6= Nele Zilinskiene ( Lithuania ) 1.91
The United States said the coup leaders had taken no steps to restore democracy and indiscriminate killings continued .
Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza observed a strike on Thursday to protest against the Israeli move .
When the Teleri reached Beleriand during the Great Journey from Cuiviénen, Thingol went wandering in the forests
10. Teutenberg 0:10
On the way to Bree, Pippin was caught up with the Barrow-wights on the Barrow-downs
NICE , France 1996-08-29
As told in "The Hobbit", Thorin and Company stayed on top of trees in an effort to protect themselves from the Wargs
Dutch couple kidnapped in Costa Rica .
The creation of the mythology that manifests in those works began with Tolkiens passion for language in general and for , which is the branch of knowledge dealing with the structure, historical development, and relationships of existing languages
When the first host split again in two groups, the Lesser Folk and the Greater Folk, their languages started to diverge, but they continued to remain in kinship
TURKISH AIRPLANE LANDS IN SOFIA ON BOMB THREAT .
It forfeited nearly one million tonnes of production to flooding at its mines in Mpumulanga province .
Twilight zone for Wall Street as political race heats up .
After some renditions, this poem became , but the first version read as follows: "You and me - we know that land" "And often have been there" "In the long old days, old nursery days," "A dark child and a fair." "Was it down the paths of firelight dreams" "In winter cold and white," "Or in the blue-spun twilit hours" "Of little early tucked-up beds" "In drowsy summer night," "That You and I got lost in Sleep" "And met each other there -" "Your dark hair on your white nightgown," "And mine was tangled fair?" "We wandered shyly hand in hand," "Or rollicked in the fairy sand" "And gathered pearls and shells in pails," "While all about the nightingales" "Were singing in the trees." "We dug for silver with our spades" "By little inland sparkling seas," "Then ran ashore through sleepy seas," "And down a warm and winding lane" "And never never found again" "Between high whispering trees." "The air was neither night or day," "But faintly dark with softest light," "When first there glimmered into sight The Cottage of Lost Play." "Twas builded very very old" "White, and thatched with straws of gold," "And pierced with peeping lattices" "That looked toward the sea;" "And our own childrens garden-plots" "Were there--our own forgetmenots," "Red daisies, cress and mustard," "And blue nemophile." "O! All the borders trimmed with box" "Were full of favourite flowers - of phlox," "Of larkspur, pinks, and hollyhocks" "Beneath a red may-tree:" "And all the paths were full of shapes," "Of tumbling happy white-clad shapes," "And with them You and Me." "And some had silver watering-cans" "And watered all their gowns," "Or sprayed each other; some laid plans" "To build them houses, fairy towns," "Or dwellings in the trees;" "And some were clambering on the roof;" "Some crooning lonely and aloof;" "And some were dancing fairy-rings" "And weaving pearly daisy-strings," "Or chasing golden bees;" "But here and there a little pair" "With rosy cheeks and tangled hair" "Debated quaint old childish things -" "And we were one of these." "But why it was there came a time" "When we could take the road no more," "Though long we looked, and high would climb," "Or gaze from many a seaward shore" "To find the path between sea and sky" "To those old gardens of delight;" "And how it goes now in that land," "If there the house and gardens stand," "Still filled with children clad in white -" "We know not, You and I." "And why it was Tomorrow came" "And with his grey hand led us back;" "And why we never found the same" "Old cottage, or the magic track" "That leads between a silver sea" "And those old shores and gardens fair" "Where all things are, that ever were -" "We know not, You and Me." In English, this nearly means "Hail Éarendel, brightest of angels, sent over Middle-earth to mankind!" Tolkien stated (through a character in "The Notion Club Papers") that upon reading these lines he "...felt a curious thrill as if something had stirred in me...There was something very remote and strange and beautiful behind those words, if I could grasp it, far beyond the ancient English." This inspiration is noted indisputably by scholars to have been important in the early formation of Tolkiens legendarium, if not its first cause, as Eärendil was the earliest lasting character to take shape
Tar-Ciryatan became a mighty king, building great armadas of ships, and the Númenóreans began large-scale colonization of the coasts of Middle-earth, holding the Middle Men in subjugation and demanding great tribute from them
U.S. investors in troubled Lloyd 's of London were considering late on Tuesday whether to appeal a U.S. court decision in favour of Lloyd 's and pledged to continue pursuing other legal actions .
Arthur Numan and Luc Nilis , Dutch top scorer last season , were PSV 's other marksmen .
Christie will run the anchor leg after Canada 's Bailey , American Johnson and Olympic silver medallist Fredericks have run the first three stages of the relay .
Afterwards he piled up all the gold within the mountain and made it his dwelling, emerging only ever so often to eat maidens from Dale which eventually caused its abandonment
During his 11 years in Philadelphia , Randall was the cornerstone of the Eagles ' franchise and brought many great moments to fans in Philadelphia as well as across the NFL . "
9. Raymond Russell 229,360
NOVYE ATAGI , Russia 1996-08-22
In the movie "", the swords designers went with a single-edged blade due to its name "Goblin Cleaver"
In Sindarin, Angrist means "Iron-cutter", from "ang" ("iron") and "ris" ("to cut")
LONDON 1996-08-29
Dutroux 's last visit to Slovakia was reported to have been as recent as July .
Sam, Merry, and Pippin keep their swords
Tripoli decks out for coup celebrations .
Eighth seed Jim Courier withdrew because of a bruised right knee , and 1988 Open champion Mats Wilander bowed out due to a groin pull , organisers said .
Terms used in the First Age to refer to Men who were not Edain were Rhevain and Hravani, which both translate to the Wild
1997 50,000
" The ruling Awami league is making parliament ineffective and the speaker is contributing to that by not allowing the opposition MPs enough time to speak , " she told a rally in northern district of Bogra on Monday .
Keith O'Neill of Norwich City joins Niall Quinn up front .
Tolkien felt dry of any motivation for the The Lord of the Rings, feeling only idleness to be succeed
It appears when the Rangers of Ithilien are aiming at Gollum
Felicia Ballanger of France confirmed her status as the world 's number one woman sprinter when she retained her title at the world cycling championships on Friday .
The word Éoherë comes from the Anglo-Saxon Old English (which the tongue of Rohan was modelled after); it is made up of the words eoh meaning "horse" and herë meaning "army." Likewise Éored contains the words eoh and rád (horse, riding or rode)
" I did n't really feel good to begin with , I had problems finding the timing on the ball , seeing the ball , " said Edberg , who upset Wimbledon champion and fifth-seeded Richard Krajicek in the first round .
Many of the stolen ships were wrecked in these storms, and their Ñoldor crews drowned
" He is in no danger and will be treated and observed this evening , " said Orioles team physician Dr. William Goldiner , adding that Johnson is expected to be released on Friday .
" I believe the Democratic party ought to be pro-woman , pro-child and pro-life , " Casey said .
RUGBY UNION - MULDER OUT OF SECOND TEST .
The French-registered packaging materials company , which floated its shares in Hungary in July , for most of the past two weeks hovered below the 6,425 forints / Global Depositary Receipts price of its initial offering , which was oversubscribed .
Glaurungs hoard in Nargothrond, Smaugs lair in the Lonely Mountain, Moria, and the troll-den mentioned in "The Hobbit", in which was found the Elven swords Glamdring and Orcrist, serve as illustrations of this
Durin was called the Deathless because he lived far longer than any other known Dwarf
A spokesman for Israel 's civil administration in the West Bank said the Bedouins were moved because they were encamped on an Israeli army firing zone .
Fire destroys restaurant in Bahraini village .
During his reign, evidence for the full story of his death was finally uncovered, as the Elendilmir and the necklace holding the One Ring were found in a secret chamber in Orthanc
JERUSALEM 1996-08-25
Lebed said he had a telephone conversation with Yeltsin late on Thursday but gave no details .
Bilbo, Gandalf, and others argue about what should be done with the One Ring
Chen , a former army secretary of the Chinese Nationalist regime which fled from mainland China to Taiwan in 1949 , pleaded guilty to trafficking 42 kg ( 92 pounds ) of drugs that could have been turned into 25 kg ( 55 pounds ) of heroin .
BONN 1996-08-25
Lebennin was largely populated by Men of mixed blood, as many Men of Lebennin traced their ancestry to the forgotten Men of the Mountains that had been displaced from the White Mountains by the Númenóreans
TOKYO 1996-08-28
Innocent Butare , executive secretary of the Rally for the Return of Refugees and Democracy in Rwanda ( RDR ) which says it has the support of Rwanda 's exiled Hutus , appealed to the international community to deter the two countries from going ahead with what it termed a " forced and inhuman action " .
Thorin sends Fíli and Kíli to scout, not knowing they are about to be overrun by a second army of Gundabad Orcs
Marcelo , signed in close season to replace compatriot Ronaldo who left to play for Barcelona , opened the PSV scoring in the 19th minute when he fired home after good work from Rene Eijkelkamp .
Along with his father and his brothers Golfin and Lúthien, he led the host of the Gnomes to the Great Lands and his banner had "green beech-leaf upon silver diapered with golden flowers"
There is a fair every autumn, and men come from the surrounding villages to buy and sell livestock and other commodities
They have Uruk-Hai armor and some trolls have pikes and swords to match their size
It is said that the army still lies beneath the pile of rock in the Caves of the Forgotten
Batistuta gave Fiorentina the lead in the 11th minute .
BRASILIA 1996-08-27
Commonwealth foreign ministers will meet in London on Wednesday to discuss what to do , he added .
Eritrea cut diplomatic ties with Sudan in 1994 , accusing it of training rebels to make raids into Eritrea .
Leading results and overall standings after the 195 kilometre second stage of the Tour of the Netherlands between Haarlem and Almere on Wednesday .
Later in the day , helped by the firmer Wall Street opening , Paris climbed back to the 2000 level but still remained well into negative territory .
James Harvey and Jennifer Hurley of the Moss Landing Marine Laboratories in California say their sea lions , natural companions of many species of whale , can go where no man or woman has ever gone before .
Dunharrow was a refuge of the Rohirrim hidden in the White Mountains in the vale of Harrowdale below the mountain Dwimorberg
Lugbol is able to channel the power that posses him into searing strikes of fire and lightning, and he laughs at physical attacks that turn harmlessly aside on his undead skin
Four hundred years later Sauron returned with great strength, breaking the peace and continued to increase in power over the next 400 years in his search for the One Ring
Grimbold decided to place foot soldiers at the ford and put Elfhelms men on the east side where he expected the attack to come from
Telgheder ( 2-5 ) snapped a personal three-game losing streak .
The remarkable and enduring popularity of "The Hobbit" expresses itself in the collectors market
Hwaldar found himself rescued and was sent with soldiers of Angmar to demand allegiance from the nearby Hill-men tribes
In an earlier stage of the legendarium, three linguistic branches descended from Valarin: Oromëan, Aulëan, and Melkian, with all Elvish and Mannish languages arising from Oromëan
It was one of two swords Eöl forged out of a black : the other, Anguirel, he kept for himself
Both state agency bonds will have seven-year maturity and will be issued on September 5 , he said .
Arda after its creation was originally flat in shape, containing mainly the continent of Middle-earth and Aman to "Extreme West", known as the Undying Lands, where the Valar lived and later on where the Elves lived during the dawn of the Dominion of Men
Sador (who was now old) met Túrin at Aerins house, and participated in a rebellion against the Easterlings (led by Brodda) that had taken over the area
Mohamed Ali Khalfallah , spokesman for the Movement of Socialist Democrats ( MDS ) said that a bailiff who was accompagnied by policemen , on Saturday ordered the party to leave the building .
After Halbrand recovers from a wound and begins offering promising suggestions to Celebrimbor about how to amplify the small mithril fragments light, Elrond convinces Gil-galad to give the Elven-smith three months to work on a solution
A force was left to guard the Cross-roads in case Sauron sent an army over the Morgul Pass to attack Gondor whilst the Army of the West marched to the Black Gate
As such, there are a wide variety of miniatures in the ever-growing range, including promotional miniatures, such as "Gimli on Dead Uruk-hai" (commemorating the 2005 Summer Campaign)
Brazil police arrest wanted Italian man - report .
203 Lee Westwood 66 71 66 , Gary Emerson 68 69 66 , Peter Baker
Yeltsin , who left on vacation on Monday , is staying at an exclusive private hunting lodge some 100 km ( 60 miles ) from Moscow .
Helm refused and insulted him before his men
For Nov 11-25 from the U.S. Gulf or Nov 26 - Dec 10 from PNW it paid $ 0.8584 per bushel over CBOT January soybeans and for Dec 6-20 or Dec 21 - Jan it paid $ .8787 over CBOT January .
It is also possible that Tolkien based lembas on this description in Agrippas writings
News of the secret trip came after Baker trashed the Clinton administration at the Republican National Convention two weeks ago for its efforts to nudge Syria into peace with Israel .
The Awakening of the Elves was at Cuiviénen, a gulf in the Sea of Helcar, and during the Great Journey they passed to the north of it through Wilderland on their way to Beleriand
3. Frederic Magne ( France )
" We have notified them of our concerns and asked them to give us a response , " said Colorado attorney general Gale Norton .
Andvír supplied the poet with the account of Túrins deeds from the time he fled Doriath to his coming to Nargothrond, and as a result saved that knowledge from being lost
The Dwarves of Belegost and Nogrod were not Longbeards, but Broadbeams and Firebeards
A freed black man writes to his still-enslaved wife , a mother pleads with Abraham Lincoln on behalf of her son and a maimed soldier poses for an official photograph in newly reopened records that bring the U.S. Civil War back to life .
Although Hobbits are a peaceful people, who usually shun fighting, they are also, as a race, very courageous, uncanny marksmen adept with missile weapons of all kinds, from throwing stones to slings and bows - hence the company of archers purportedly sent to aid the Arnorians at the Battle of Fornost
He was probably of Durins Folk
9. Michael Andersson ( Sweden ) Telekom 54
Dole campaign aides said the candidate was telling young people not to smoke .
The films crew built a model of Cirith Ungol based on Tolkiens description, however, the scene with the Two Watchers is altered different from in the book; as Sam is able to pass through with ease with no alarm setting off
Kabul is controlled by President Burhanuddin Rabbani 's government , which Taleban is fighting to overthrow .
Thorin I was the son of Thráin I, whom he succeeded as King under the Mountain and King of Durins Folk
But as Lauck was about to be led away , he turned to reporters and blurted out a virtually incomprehensible quick-fire diatribe against the court .
NEW DELHI 1996-08-22
Lending the companions a pair of horses, Éomer then led his men to continue their task of gathering Eastemnets herd folk to safety
Thorin tells Bilbo to steal some meat from them; however, the trolls catch them and try to eat them, until Gandalf returns and the sun rises, turning the three trolls to stone
However, the hatred of the Dúnedain and the Men of Gondor survived in the remaining tribes living further east and were ultimately united into a confederation, probably by agents of Sauron
LONDON 1996-08-28
Húrin, captured at the Nírnaeth Arnoediad and released from Angband after the death of his son Túrin, recovered the Nauglamír from the ruin of Nargothrond
Bourlet said between 300 and 400 paedophile porn video tapes had been seized , some of which featured Dutroux .
Chesterfield : Worcestershire 238 and 133-5 , Derbyshire 471 ( J. Adams 123 , T.O'Gorman 109 not out , K. Barnett 87 ; T. Moody 6-82 )
Taras-ness was the headland from which rose Mount Taras in the land of Nevrast
MANCHESTER , England 1996-08-29
The swords first appearance, as Narsil, is in Peter Jacksons " in the possession of Elendil during the Battle of Dagorlad, holding it high to rally his men to him
Washington 's win was not comfortable , either .
LONDON 1996-08-27
But since they were still made by the same art as the other rings, the Three were still bound to the One Ring
3. Emilio Valle ( Cuba ) 13.33
The Undying Lands were a realm inhabited by Ainur and Eldar
Essex are set to step up their English county championship challenge with a fifth consecutive victory after new-ball pair Neil Williams and Mark Ilott sent Gloucestershire reeling on Saturday .
- A cabinet minister : " Lebanon First " aims at splitting the Syrian-Lebanese peace tracks with Israel .
9 - Wayne Ferreira ( South Africa ) vs. qualifier
He eventually agreed to go after Aragorn assured him the Elves would help them
" It appears to me the Syrian priority is still to negotiate .
-- Stockholm newsroom +46-8-700 1017
7. Zundra Feagin ( U.S. ) 23.18
Gore said .
The only other community is in the Russian village of Barentsburg .
In the books, the term "Isengard Orcs" is never used for the specification of any breed, although much of Sarumans army is made up from Orcs
Police Commissioner George Grech said police were investigating the possibility that Mohammed had links to an Islamic militant group as reported by the local press .
Paris CAC-40 General index -- 2,355.93 ( Feb 2/94 )
The 400-strong Selection Committee will select Hong Kong 's future chief executive to replace the British governor and a provisional legislature to take over from the elected chamber which Beijing plans to dissolve .
His character and a few men buried the Witch-king in the High Fells of Rhudaur as seen in a flashback while Galadriel spoke at The White Council
" During the scuffle , Moura threw the first punch .
In the battle, they aid the Orcs in fighting the Dwarves, Elves, and Men
Sauron was defeated but he still had thousands of Orcs and evil Men at his disposal in Mordor
Naugladur was the Lord of Nogrod; the King of the Wicked dwarves of Nogrod in the earlier forms of the legendarium
Corporate America taking new view on compensation .
At Headingley : Yorkshire 529-8 declared ( C. White 181 ,
Arulanandam denied the fishermen charged the refugees for passage to India and said it was unfair to penalise them for the refugees ' arrival .
American Tom Johnson successfully defended his IBF featherweight title when he earned a unanimous points decision over Venezuela 's Ramon Guzman on Saturday .
Eventually, Talion builds up enough strength to assault Saurons fortress directly
Romania beat Lithuania 3-0 ( halftime 1-0 ) in a World Cup soccer European group 8 qualifier on Saturday .
Lentini , 27 , joined Milan from Torino in a $ 12 million deal that many have speculated involved far more money changing hands and which has subsequently been investigated by magistrates for alleged financial irregularities .
In Toronto , Kevin Tapani ( 12-8 ) allowed two runs and six hits over 7 1/3 innings and Frank Thomas hit his 29th homer and drove in three runs as the Chicago White Sox cruised to an 11-2 victory over the Blue Jays .
Helm was called Hammerhand because of his great strength and prowess with his fists: he was known to fight barehanded
Rameswaram is 15 km ( 10 miles ) off the coast of Sri Lanka .
After breaking the world record for the women 's mile in Zurich last Wednesday , the Olympic 800 and 1,500 metres champion clocked two minutes 28.98 seconds over 1,000 at the Brussels grand prix meeting .
Using the Silmaril, Eärendil and Elwing were able to reach Valinor and successfully plead on behalf of the Elves and Men with the Valar
The passengers were released in batches during the course of the morning after the Airbus A310 landed at Stansted , having been diverted from Cyprus .
While the etymologic origin of Taliska is unknown, contact between the Atanatári, the Elves and the Dwarves before the formers arrival in Beleriand left strong influences on Taliska
Shopkeepers in Arab East Jerusalem rolled up their shutters some 10 minutes before the scheduled noon ( 0900 GMT ) end of the stoppage .
However, in "The Peoples of Middle-earth", the twelfth volume of "The History of Middle-earth" that was published after the "Atlas", is clear that the Sea of Rhûn existed already in the First Age
Outnumbered, Agandaûr flees on a Fellbeast
HORSE RACING - PIVOTAL ENDS 25-YEAR WAIT FOR TRAINER PRESCOTT .
Along the way, the Stranger gains the trust of the Harfoots by saving Malva, Elanor, and Poppy from a trio of strange wolves
Russia 's military commander in Chechnya began new talks with separatist chief-of-staff Aslan Maskhadov on Tuesday , Itar-Tass news agency said .
They are created after the lamps Ormal and Illuin - and from the trees themselves, the Sun and Moon are later created. Tolkien may have also gotten inspiration for the trees directly from the Sun, which rises in the day (as Laurelin, the golden tree), and the moon which rises in the night (Telperion, the silver tree)
The Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe ( OSCE ) postponed municipal elections as a result of the irregularities but decided to proceed with voting for higher offices .
In the Third Age the ships of the Eldar sailed down the gulf and into the Far West
In later writings, Christopher Tolkien added the death of Amrod
Men and Elves will sing it with the Ainur
Other weapons were axes, favored by the Dwarves and few Elves (such as Rog)
They read : " Ballybunion backs Clinton . "
Other issues with the invented story in this chapter (but fixed by later sources) include nature of Hurins death, and the history of the Nauglamír (it was made from the treasure not taken from Nargothrond, rather than taken from the hoard)
A late goal by newly-signed defender Roberto Carlos saved the blushes of Real Madrid coach Fabio Capello and his multi-billion peseta line-up in the opening game of the Spanish championship on Saturday .
In Armenelos, Eärien views the palantír in the kings bedchamber at the prompting of the dying king; what she sees is unknown
The name Laurinquë consists of the Quenya terms "laure" ("gold") and possibly "-inqua", an adjectival ending
Thieves stole almost 2,000 Irish pounds ( $ 3,000 ) from the officers ' canteen of a Limerick jail on Thursday while warders slept in a room upstairs .
PHILADELPHIA AT SAN DIEGO
Later, Common Eldarin split in two languanges, Ancient Quenya and Ancient Telerin, because the Teleri lingered behind while the Vanyar and the Ñoldor quickly reached the shores of the Belegaer
Chelsea " is a very poised young lady , but she 's not that much interested in politics , " the spokesman said .
Tirana 's national library has three copies of the " Book of Mass ' . "
Senegal bans guns ahead of local elections .
In "The Hobbit" film trilogy, the axe is shown to have first been Glóins axe, and is carried by him throughout the Quest of Erebor
Naoko Kijimuta ( Japan ) beat Alexandra Fusai ( France ) 6-4 7-5
With the first raising of the Sun in the West, Men awoke in Hildórien
However, shortly before the publication of "The Lord of the Rings", Tolkien created from the early stages of his Welsh-like language Sindarin, while assigning to the Ñoldor a dialect of Quenya in constrast to Sindarin
Southeast of Othrikar was the longstanding settlement of Esteldin, which was the home of the Rangers of Esteldin, a hardy folk always waging war on the Shadow of Angmar
Cofinec CEO Stephen Frater told reporters in a conference call from Vienna on Friday before the opening of the bourse that he expects a stronger second half , although the group will not be able to achieve its annual profit goal .
Torrential rains and galeforce winds battered Belgium on Thursday causing widespread damage as some areas had more rainfall in 24 hours than they normally get in a month , the meteorological office said .
It was in this dark time for the forces of evil that the leader of the Nazgûl, the Witch-king of Angmar, named his first in command in the Nazgûl as Morgomir and moved his forces upon the Edain-kingdom of Arnor in war
In "", Nenya is seen briefly during the opening sequence
NAC Breda 1 ( Abdellaoui 20th penalty ) NEC Nijmegen 1 ( Graef 36th ) .
Salamanca , who spoke at a meeting on kidnapping in Colombia , has said in the past that there was ample evidence to prove that Samper 's campaign received millions of dollars in contributions from the country 's top drug lords .
During the War of the Ring, an army from Mordor crossed the Anduin into Anórien and blocked the Great West Road
At Northampton : Northamptonshire beat Sussex by 6 wickets .
70 Francisco Cea ( Spain ) , David Howell , Peter Hedblom
Summary of a French first division match on Friday .
The former dictator , who ruled from 1971 to 1973 , was best known for allowing Juan Domingo Peron , Argentina 's famed populist leader , to return to Argentina after 17 years of forced exile .
CARLSBAD , California 1996-08-25
37. Northern Ireland 7.89
CRICKET - RUN-OUT GIVES LEWIS AND ENGLAND SLIM SATISFACTION .
Mats Lanner ( Sweden ) 64 71 , Jeff Hawksworth 67 68 , Des
As in the book, the fellbeast attempts to kill Eowyn, but it impales its throat on her sword, then she swiftly darts aside and cuts the beasts neck with two strokes
The Fellowship of the Ring was formed as a brotherhood among members of the various Free Peoples of Middle-earth
3. Kocinski 254
David Cowan , Internet Startup founder and acting chief executive , is a general partner of Bessemer .
Italian Prime Minister Romano Prodi will pay a one-day working visit to Turkey on September 3 , the Turkish Foreign Ministry said on Wednesday .
He had one son called Bereg who led a group of restless men out of Estolad and southwards out of Beleriand
From Oromë he learned great skill of birds and beasts, and could understand a number of their languages
The ending of the true Hobbit name Bilbo was also changed: in Westron it was "Bilba", but Tolkien changed this to "Bilbo" because -a is usually a female ending in English
Smaug was eventually slain, shot out of the sky by a well-aimed arrow at his only weak spot by Bard the Bowman, a man of Lake-town and a descendant of Girion, the last Lord of Dale
-- Singapore newsroom ( 65 8703080 )
Talabani has agreed to take part in talks in London on reaching a comprehensive settlement for the PUK-KDP conflict , the PUK statement said .
Mother Teresa was born Agnes Goinxha Bejaxhiu to Albanian parents in Skopje , in what was then Serbia , on August 27 , 1910 .
ATHENS 1996-08-28
Another plane had been sent from Moscow to pick them up .
Romania beat 2-1 ( halftime 1-1 ) Lithuania in their European Under-21 soccer match on Friday .
The riders went through the Balchoth army and five perished while one named Borondir made it to the land of Éothéod and delivered his message
Scores : England 292-8 innings closed ( N. Knight 113 ) , Pakistan 185 ( Ijaz Ahmed 79 ; A. Hollioake 4-23 )
217 Antoine Lebouc ( France ) 74 73 70 , Ian Woosnam 70 76 71 ,
Twelve years later, Manwë sought to heal the wounds between the Ñoldor at a festival held in Valmar, but Melkor and the Great Spider Ungoliant destroyed the Two Trees, darkening Valinor, killing Finwë, stealing the three Silmarils of Fëanor, and fleeing to Middle-earth
He appears in the extended edition of and is a major character in
NEW YORK 1996-08-30
Because this regions were infested by hill-trolls, it has been suggested that ettens could be identified with trolls, in particular with the two-headed trolls fleetingly mentioned in "The Hobbit"
Being a vital point in the defenses of Gondor, a crucial river junction, and due to the fact that it was less manned than was Osgiliath, shortly before the Battle of the Pelennor Fields, Sauron sent a force of Orcs and Easterlings from the Black Gate to lay siege to the fort, and the island was overrun
4. Sven Teutenberg ( Germany ) US Postal
What can you seeOn the horizon?Why do the white gulls call? Across the seaA pale moon rises.The ships have comeTo carry you home
The event also included the murder of Finwë, High King of the Ñoldor, at Formenos, and Melkors taking of the Silmarils from the possession of Fëanor
Rosado ( 5-3 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and seven hits over 8-2/3 innings with three walks and six strikeouts .
When they were originally bred in the First Age, the Orcs had little more language than beasts, but borrowed what they could from other languages and corrupted it to their liking
In panoply of ancient kings, in chainéd rings he armoured him; his shining shield was scored with runes to ward all wounds and harm from him; his bow was made of dragon-horn, his arrows shorn of ebony, of silver was his habergeon, his scabbard of chalcedony; his sword of steel was valiant, of adamant his helmet tall, an eagle-plume upon his crest, upon his breast an emerald
RAMESWARAM , India 1996-08-28
Mauritania 's soccer federation dissolved the national team and suspended this season 's domestic championship on Saturday in the wake of the country 's failure to qualify for the African Nations ' Cup .
Els Callens ( Belgium ) beat Annabel Ellwood ( Australia ) 6-4
1. Jacques Villeneuve ( Canada ) Williams 1 minute 50.574
And Israeli checkpoints have circled Jerusalem since 1993 , a concrete and constant reminder of Israel 's hold on a city it considers its eternal capital .
Wandering lost and alone in the depths of the mountain, he found the One Ring and met Gollum, described in "The Hobbit" as "a small slimy creature … as dark as darkness, except for two big round pale eyes in his thin face." After a hazardous game of Riddles with the creature, Bilbo fortuitously discovered the Ring he had found could make him invisible
" I 'm always being realistic , " said Edberg . "
Arminia Bielefeld 1 ( Von Heesen 56th ) Duisburg 1 ( Hirsch 65th ) .
The swords name was not mentioned in "The Silmarillion"; it is only mentioned in the Lay of Leithian in "The Lays of Beleriand"
Orcrist was a noted sword of the Dwarf king Thorin Oakenshield
Poland 's Foreign Minister Dariusz Rosati will visit Yugoslavia on September 3 and 4 to revive a dialogue between the two governments which was effectively frozen in 1992 , PAP news agency reported on Friday .
After three ages, Melkor was released, destroyed the Two Trees of Valinor, stole the Silmarils and escaped from Aman
The three rings lost their powers following the destruction of the One Ring in TA 3019, and passed across the Sea with their bearers at the end of the Third Age
Throughout the game, Bilbo collects scrolls that give him new or improved attacks
In Peter Jacksons "The Hobbit" film trilogy, the Black Arrow is not a single regular-sized arrow, but rather one in a series of large metal quarrels, designed to be fired by a "Wind lance" ballista for attacking dragons
Taliska was the language spoken by the first host, while the second host spoke a different language
At Weston-super-Mare : Match abandoned as a draw - rain .
" We noticed among the people who come from across the border , there is a growing number of foreign mercenaries , " Gupta said .
Saeed Anwar c Stewart b Gough 33
Mickelson three-stroke lead was cut to two when Mayfair birdied the course 's only easy hole , the par five second hole , while Mickelson three-putted for par from 25 feet .
N. Knight c Moin Khan b Wasim Akram 26
Arahael is a Sindarin word that means "Wise King", from the prefix "-ara" ("king") and "hael" or "sael" ("wise")
Dwarves, notably Durins Folk, used Sindarin when communicating with Elves. Tolkien based the sound and some of the grammar of Sindarin on , and the language displays of the consonant mutations that characterise the Celtic (especially Brythonic) languages
Óin was a dwarf of Durins Folk known for being a part of Thorins Company in the Quest of Erebor
Williams ( 5-12 ) , who snapped a personal three-game losing streak , allowed five hits , walked two and struck out five .
It is unknown how long the remaining Avari remained at Cuiviénen during the First Age, but they were there when Men awoke at the first rising of the Sun in the nearby land of Hildórien, and its Elven residents befriended early Men and apparently taught them the basic skills of survival
Men of Gondor found Boromirs horn, the Horn of Gondor, broken in twain, and brought it to his father
Peregrin Took slew one of these trolls at the Battle of the Black Gate and, after the destruction of the One Ring and the fall of Sauron, the surviving trolls scattered as if mindless
This was because the majority of the Men of Bëor had settled in the western part of Númenor, which later became the area controlled by the faithful Lords of Andúnië
Orcs, trolls, and other foul beasts were multiplying while Saurons servants were searching the Anduin for the One Ring
People were waiting for the results to come out before buying .
Saruman succeeds in killing Aragorn and the force moves out to destroy Rivendell
Anza is only 20 miles ( 30 km ) west of Medellin , but there are no roads linking it directly to the city .
SKOPJE 1996-08-29
As Belegost was the founding stronghold of the Broadbeams it is possible Azaghâl was the Father of the Broadbeams in the same manner that Durin was King of Khazad-dûm and Father of the Longbeards
Except when there was a noise of animals in the forest, or of folk along the road, they would find themselves speaking to their companions in whispers, as if they expected a great voice from long ago to speak
Gurthang was the name of the sword of Túrin Turambar, reforged from the sword Anglachel
Containment of the fire has been difficult because of the hot , arid , windy weather in the region , Conroy said .
Gloria Bistrita - Ilie Lazar ( 32nd ) , Eugen Voica ( 84th )
Like his father and mother, he had always desired Bag End for himself - in the year SR 1418 of Shire Reckoning he had already waited "sixty"-"two" years for the inheritance, but was foiled when Bilbos nephew Frodo was bestowed the home
Republic ) 6-0 7-6 ( 7-5 ) 6-2
elected to bat against Sri Lanka in the third day-night limited
Mount Zion Missionary Baptist Church and St. Matthews Missionary Baptist Church were both frame structures , each near Turner , Arkansas , a small community surrounded by cotton and soybean fields .
Essex need another 148 with five wickets in hand to beat Yorkshire after a maiden first-class century from Richard Kettleborough transformed a match which his side had seemed certain to lose .
"Glóredhel" means "Golden elf" in Sindarin
Two choices were then placed before Lúthien; she could either dwell in Valmar with the Valar in bliss forever as reward for all that she had accomplished, or she could be restored to life again with Beren, on the condition that they would both be mortal and die the death of Men
Tommi Makinen took a significant step towards becoming world rally champion with a brilliant victory in the 1000 Lakes Rally on Monday .
Haga again was the unlucky rider finishing third ahead of Slight with Corser in 10th place .
Crebain were a species of large black, crow-like birds native to both Dunland and Fangorn Forest in Middle-earth, that Saruman the White in Isengard used as spies after he joined forces with Sauron
Thingol did not wish for the two to be wedded to each other, as he valued his daughter very highly and disliked the race of Men
The Warg Matriarch was the Orc leader Azogs personal warg steed, and the mother of the Gundabad Wargs
Like the rest of the new stars made by Varda just before the Awakening of the Elves, it was made from the silver dews of Telperion stored in the Wells of Varda
Two Mûmakil are briefly seen pulling the war machine Grond
It was agreed under the guidance and skill of Ufedhin the Noldoli, that the gold and one of the Silmarils would be loaned to the Dwarves in Norgrod to work their skills on
There was no official explanation but politicians said faction leaders and State Council vice-chairmen Charles Taylor and Alhadji Kromah were unable to attend because they were travelling .
NEW DELHI 1996-08-22
Bree had become the most westerly settlement of Men in all of Middle-earth by the time of the War of the Ring, and became one of only three or four inhabited settlements in all of Eriador
Other polls also showed a strong Dole bounce after San Diego but Clinton then rebuilding his lead .
While King Helm and his younger son Prince Háma were besieged in the Hornburg, a force of Dunlendings under the leadership of Wulf also besieged Edoras
SAO PAULO , Brazil 1996-08-28
As a lone outlaw in Dorthonion, Beren carried Dagmor throughout his many journeys
10. Skibby 1:45
The MDS was represented in court and admitted owing money for rent but did not give details .
, said the contract was " not unique , but it 's big . "
The guards of this gate wore mail that "glowed like dull fire" and had red-bladed axes
NEUFCHATEAU , Belgium 1996-08-25
During the First Age there were several dialects of Sindarin: With the exception of Doriathrin, the dialects were changed under Ñoldorin influence, and adopted many Quenya features, as well as unique sound changes devised by the Ñoldor (who loved changing languages)
July 12th, 1973) is a Danish born New Zealand actor and portrays the character of Rúmil in the Peter Jacksons film , an Elf archer in its sequel , and various uncredited roles in all three films of the trilogy
- Japan is importing 80 percent of cotton yarn from Pakistan every year .
Círdan was a Sindarin word that meant Ship-maker, and the Quenya form was said to be Ciryatan
Eradan was the first Steward to use a Sindarin name
*Note - OB and Lotte played two games .
Those Men who fought with them against Morgoth in the First Age were divided into three Houses
June 19-23 Second test ( at Lord 's )
When Lotho Sackville-Baggins ruled the Shire under Saruman during the War of the Ring, he took personal control of the Shirriffs service under the title "Chief Shirriff"
If the law was upheld, then Arveduis wife Fíriel, Ondohers daughter and last remaining child, would become Ruling Queen, making their descendants Kings of both Arnor and Gondor
A natural consequence of this is that Tolkien never worked out the languages thus ‘‘replaced’’ in any detail because they never appeared in the texts
( Sweden ) , Miles Tunnicliff , Christian Cevaer ( France ) ,
Barentsburg is an even grimmer place , a run-down testament to the hardships of the new Russia .
Other men remained in Rhûn, and many of them came under the dominion of Morgoth and, later, Sauron
The threat of Dol Guldur led them to flee for Eriador, but some Stoor Hobbits remained behind for a while, becoming known as the River Folk
Keirin final
NEW YORK 1996-08-28
As required of his masters command, he and his group of acolytes went to Gorgoroth to use their sorcery to call Tar Goroth to take up arms in Saurons servince
Clinton claims Dole 's plan would increase the deficit , while the White House said some corporate taxes would be raised to offset the cost of the president 's plan .
Smaug then realizes that Thorin, Thrórs grandson, has sent Bilbo for the Arkenstone and reveals to him that he found out about Thorins goal "some time ago", and says that it doesnt matter because the quest is ultimately futile, as he is aware that Sauron was preparing to openly declare himself once more
The report , monitored by the British Broadcasting Corporation ( BBC ) , quoted security services as saying six other people were injured in the blast in the town of Staouelli .
A New Zealand motorist got an unexpected free flight to Tonga on Tuesday after being caught drinking and driving .
She was betrothed to Gwindor, who named her Faelivrin
Fernandez ( 12-8 ) scattered six hits .
Under his rule (SA 32 to SA 442 of the Second Age), and those of his descendants, the Númenóreans rose to become very powerful, with lifespans several times that of the Men of Middle-earth
Asfaloth was the horse of Glorfindel
Austria sixth in the other Benetton .
As Bilbo leads the dragon into the Gallery of Kings, he is quickly overrun by Smaug, who deduces that Bilbo and the Dwarves were aided by the men of Lake-town, and leaves to destroy the town, and when Bilbo protests Smaug cruelly and gleefully tells him that now their deaths will be on their heads
One of the most infamous Stoors was Sméagol, who would later become the creature known as Gollum
CHICAGO 1996-08-29
As the Orcs realized that they had lost the hobbits, a group of Isengard Orcs led by Mauhúr tried to break the Rohirrims encirclement from out of the woods
The television special received mixed reactions
The seven Rings of Power of the Dwarves did not turn them to evil, but it did amplify their greed and lust for gold
He was imprisoned for four years in 1951 for taking part in a coup attempt to overthrow Peron led by General Benjamin Menendez .
The Dome of Stars was destroyed in TA 1437 when Castamir the Usurper ordered his men to ransack the city of Osgiliath, which was still Gondors capital at the time, during the Kin-strife (a civil war that took place in Gondor)
" But I 'll be 38 by Sydney and that 's not too old .
Along with allies from Lindon, Rivendell and the former territories of Arnor, they defeated the Witch-king of Angmar on the plains west of Fornost; though he escaped, Angmars army was utterly destroyed
It did n't hit anybody or anything , " Stromme said .
I. Healy c Ranatunga b Muralitharan 8
His eldest son Fëanor claimed the kingship, but led a Rebellion of the Ñoldor back to Middle-earth to avenge his fathers death and recover the Silmarils from Morgoth
SEOUL 1996-08-29
10/01 / 1998C 125M 4.50 4.20
The hostages were held in a house in or near Grozny which was bombarded regularly .
Indonesia sought on Thursday to play down a fire bomb attack on a U.S. consulate earlier this week , saying it was being treated as a criminal rather than a political act , the official Antara news agency said .
It was done using "Animagic", a animation process using figurines (a process already pioneered by s "Puppetoons" and s and )
In the "Two Towers "movie and book, the army of Easterlings marching into the Black Gate wield clearly visible halberds and other polearms
The country has only 3.5 million people in an area about the size of Britain or Japan .
Generally, Wyrms are wingless and legless dragons which have the ability to breath fire
SYDNEY 1996-08-28
He was brought into the NME in 1972 by editor Alan Smith, he was described as "inspirational" by his colleagues at the time
Sauron savagely tortured and interrogated the Stoor relentlessly for weeks, receiving only inane babble in return until finally Gollum blurted out two ungarbled words; Shire and Baggins
"Formen "- Quenya word for North
Bryttas son Walda reigned for just nine years before he was killed by a group of Orcs
The Riders of an éored could serve for a term or on a permanent basis
BONN 1996-08-28
The character of Lurtz is one of the playable "heroes" for the Isengard faction in the strategy game and its sequel "", and ironically doesnt appear in any "The Fellowship of the Ring" video games
Cambodia 's King Norodom Sihanouk on Friday gave a royal pardon to an opposition newspaper editor who had alleged top-level corruption .
While it is unknown just how powerful Elrond was compared to other Elf Lords, he certainly held vast potential, being descended from the angelic Maia Melian and being the wielder of the ring of power Vilya
Notable battles fought by Saurons army during the later War of the Ring were the Battle of Osgiliath, the Battle of the Pelennor Fields, and the Battle of the Black Gate
Fastest lap : Gounon , 2 minutes 03.684 seconds ( 170.680 kph )
One night in TA 2770, Smaug descended upon the mountain in flames, catching the Dwarves and Men of Dale off guard
During the riddle game Bilbo thought of all the giants and Ogres he had heard of in tales
Ethiopia won 4-2 penalties .
Arch Petroleum Inc said Wednesday an exploratory well in Alberta 's Morinville area tested in excess of 1,100 barrels daily and will begin production immediately .
The 23,000 U.S. military people already in the Gulf consist of 15,000 sailors and Marines , 6,000 U.S. servicemen based primarily in Saudi Arabia and 2,000 U.S. troops in the area for military exercises .
St Helens secured the two points they needed in the last game of the season at Knowsley Road to win their first championship since 1975 and their first double since 1966 .
Qualifier vs. Christian Rudd ( Norway )
Gloucestershire 280 and 188 ( J. Russell 57 , M. Lynch 50 ;
BOMBAY 1996-08-28
Sting is depicted as vaguely leaf-shaped, with a spiral design and gently curving edges (much like a Greek "xiphos"), such as Tolkien described in his book
As he fled, an army led by Glorfindel came up out of the south and blocked his escape, destroying what was left of his crumbling army
Marc Dutroux , the chief accused in a Belgian child murder and sex abuse scandal , is suspected of murdering a young Slovak woman , the Slovak office of Interpol said on Wednesday .
AP Moller 30 31/8 Caribs / Japan $ 875,000 BP .
This contact altered their speech slightly, and the Stoors adopted to their tongue a few Dunlendish words over time
Canada beat Panama 3-1 ( halftime 2-0 ) in their CONCACAF semifinal phase qualifying match for the 1998 World Cup on Friday .
Pippin responded, "Four", and then loudly belches
The top U.N. refugee official in the Balkans highlighted the voter registration problem on Monday .
Beyond the Lune was Elvish country, green and quiet, where no Men went; but Dwarves dwelt in the east side of the Blue Mountains, especially south of the Gulf of Lune, where they had mines in use
According to U.N. officials and diplomats , Iraq would have about $ 1.13 billion to spend for food , medicine and other goods after monies for a reparations fund for Gulf War victims and costs for U.N. weapons inspections were deducted .
MIAMI 1996-08-23
David Prinosil ( Germany ) beat Peter Tramacchi ( Australia ) 6-3 6-2 3-6 6-7 ( 5-7 ) 6-1
-- Bangkok newsroom 662-252-9950
It was the third work by Tolkien to be released posthumously, after a collection of poems and the Guide to the Names in The Lord of the Rings
1. Robert Kibet ( Kenya ) 1:45.24
-- Budapest newsroom , +361 266 2410
The Men of Dale were descendants of the Northmen who had populated Rhovanion throughout the three ages of the Sun
5. Olabisi Afolabi ( Nigeria ) 51.98
After Orodruin has erupted, ruining and covering in ash most of the Southlands, Galadriel, Theo, and Míriel seek survivors amid the chaos
They later became known as the Black Númenóreans and continued to serve Sauron, whom had also survived the Downfall, although greatly diminished and bereft of shape returned to Middle-earth with the One Ring to continue troubling its inhabitants
7 - Todd Martin ( U.S. ) beat 9 - Cedric Pioline ( France ) 2-6 6-2
The Battle of Ithilien was a skirmish between the Rangers of Ithilien and a number of Haradrim warriors travelling up the Harad Road to the Black Gate to join Saurons armies
Frodo then resumed living in Bag End and was joined by Sam, upon his marriage to Rosie
Iorbad was a settlement of Men in the Southlands, located somewhere between Ostirith and Orodruin
Some of those people later left and became the Laiquendi of Ossiriand, but Silvan Elves remained present even until the time of the War of the Ring, strengthen by refugees from Beleriand (at the end of the First Age) and Eregion (during the Second)
" Even though it 's an act of common delinquency , the case could take a difficult turn because former Nicaraguan guerrillas are involved , " Security Minister Bernardo Arce told reporters .
Becanovic ( Lille ) , Alain Caveglia ( Lyon ) , Xavier Gravelaine
Bolton 3 2 1 0 5 2 7
LONDON 1996-08-28
Young Thráin II is played by Michael Mizrahi and Thomas Robins in Peter Jacksons
It is not clear whether these names were intended to replace the names Alatar and Pallando, or whether Morinehtar and Rómestámo were alternate names for the Blue Wizards, possibly those given to them by the peoples of Middle-earth
In the Years of the Trees stood the Two Trees of Valinor in Aman, Telperion the Silver and Laurelin the Gold, which were the sources of light in Valinor
Honda 's Takeda was pursued past Corser by the Yamaha duo of Noriyuki Haga and Wataru Yoshikawa with Haga briefly taking the lead in the final chicane on the last lap .
Another earlier version had Celebrimbor revolting against Galadriel after she and Celeborn established Eregion
Jim and I join with you tonight in saluting the great job that President Clinton has done in fighting crime and gun violence . "
After Frodo had made a partial recovery, Elrond organized a great Council, to which representatives of all the free peoples of Middle-earth attended
Slovenia 's trade with Poland rose to $ 142.3 million in 1995 from $ 118.8 million in 1994 .
"Undead" refers to dead beings who could still interact with the living
Russian security chief Aleksander Lebed faces an almost impossible task in Chechnya and is likely to be sidelined , Polish Foreign Minister Dariusz Rosati was reported as saying on Wednesday .
After the great events at the end of the Third Age, Dwimorberg was haunted no longer
Fearing that the cruel Easterlings would enthral her only son, Túrin of Hithlum, Morwen sent him to Doriath where he would be safe until he came of age, when he fled from the land
Kemen is unconvinced and at night sneaks on board one of the ships that will sail to Middle-earth, looking to set it afire
10. George Hincapie ( U.S. ) Motorola same time .
South Africa 's Truth and Reconciliation Commission said on Wednesday it would subpoena persons accused of human rights violations to appear before it .
The Sindar were somewhat scorned but respected by the Ñoldorin exiles who returned to Middle-earth to found great realms and wage war against the Dark Lord Morgoth
(If Isildur had been in a better position when ambushed by Orcs at the Disaster of the Gladden Fields, he would have commanded his men to form a "dírnaith", and the battle may have gone differently.) Etymology
The trip will be Levy 's first to an Arab state as a minister in Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's government .
In their wanderings westward, these Men made contact with the Dark Elves, adopting "many words and devices" that would influence their language, and with the Dwarves, whenever they traveled near mountains
It is evident the happening is not politically motivated but just an ordinary criminal act , the news agency quoted East Java military commander Major-General Utomo as saying .
His name means "Noble Jewel", from the Sindarin "ara" ("king, noble") and "mir" or "vir" ("jewel")
In TA 1248, Minalcar (later called Romendacil) defeated an army of Easterlings between Rhovanion and the Sea of Rhûn and destroyed their settlements
Still , the feisty Indonesian got off to a 3-0 lead in the tie-breaker before a pair of costly double faults gave Graf her chance to avoid a third set .
The Berghold was Dourhands King Skorgrims tomb within Thorins Gate near Thorins Halls, after the discovery of his body before the Quest of Erebor and only Dourhands were allowed entrance to it
" We have seen the photos but for the moment the palace has no comment , " a spokeswoman for Prince Rainier told Reuters .
With their aid, the Elves, Dwarves and Ents destroy most of the remaining forces of Dol Guldur, The Watcher, Wyrms
Nationalists want Iliescu ousted for Hungary pact .
However when the Great Armament arrived, the Valar appealed to Eru Ilúvatar
The strength of the Dark Lord and the weapon made holes in the earth which led to the great Elven-kings death
Tsang , who made the remarks during a visit to New Zealand , also spoke strongly in favour of keeping the Hong Kong dollar pegged to its U.S. counterpart , and said negotiations with China on next year 's budget were going smoothly .
- 1 Justin Leonard through 3
Eöl the Dark Elf leased Nan Elmoth from Thingol, having paid with the sword Anglachel
Around 200 police and troops were stationed outside the court in central Jakarta but there was no sign of demonstrators .
It is described as being "shaped like the helms of the Guards of the Citadel, save that it was loftier, and it was all white, and the wings at either side were wrought of pearl and silver in the likeness of the wings of a sea-bird, for it was the emblem of kings who came over the Sea; and seven gems of adamant were set in the circlet, and upon its summit was set a single jewel the light of which went up like a flame." History
Mohammad Akam
Quenya was influenced specifically by , which is an agglutinative language; grammatical inspiration also comes from Latin and Greek
As Legolas runs after Bolg, Tauriel takes some "athelas" obtained by Bofur and uses it to heal Kilis wounds, while chanting in Sindarin
Bilbo’s theft does not go unnoticed by Smaug, who takes careful account of the treasure
We are comfortable the revolution has taken care of us , improved our lives and given us capabilites , " Samer Ammar Soliman , 42 , told Reuters as he came out of Friday prayers .
7. Tristan Hoffman ( Neths ) TVM same time
5. Nicolas Charlier ( France ) Kawasaki
As Liberal prime minister 1905-1908 he granted self-government to the Transvaal .
The move marks a further move by Pirelli 's cables division to expand in the fast-growing Far Eastern developing markets with the group already present in Indonesia , India and Malaysia .
Gondors army contained units of archers famed for their skill with longbows
St Pauli 3 1 1 1 7 7 4
" The year just gone was disappointing , but the outlook for the current year looks good , " First Pacific media analyst Lachlan Drummond said .
The bases were loaded and I had two strikes .
Arafat called for a general strike " for Jerusalem " on Thursday in all of the West Bank and Gaza Strip .
The Federal Republic of Yugoslavia is the only country of the former Yugoslavia where Poles currently require visas .
The Men of Harad were known as "Haradrim" or "Southrons" ("South-multitude")
Also in the First Age, some Men who migrated out of the east—"laggard kindred" of the Edain—chose to settle in the lands between the Iron Hills and Mirkwood, becoming the Northmen of Rhovanion
The Master tries to escape on a boat with all of the towns gold as an act of cowardice, along with Alfrid, the captain of the guards Braga, and a few guards
10. Kaspars Ozers ( Latvia ) Motorola all same time .
Simpson said at the hotel news conference his plans include eventually writing another book .
The Witch-king knew he could not face that huge army with the few men that remained so he fled directly to the citadel
Last Friday Mitchell , who finished fourth at the Atlanta Games , upstaged a trio of Olympic champions including Bailey to win the 100 in Brussels .
Since it was stated that "three men only came ever back over the mountains", Estelmo may have accompanied Ohtar, Isildurs squire, to deliver the shards of Narsil to Rivendell
NEW YORK 1996-08-29
SEOUL 1996-08-22
" The very first thing we thought about after we knew we would be promoted was the game against Betar Jerusalem , " said Taibe supporter Karem Haj Yihye .
He later founded the line of the Longbeards (or "Sigin-tarâg" in Khuzdul), the Dwarves of which were most friendly to Elves and Men, mostly referred to as Durins Folk
Israeli president invites Arafat to home - paper .
Oil markets rose sharply on a combination of low stocks , two hurricanes and allegations of illicit trading by Iraq .
Peter Smerdon
Moscow peacemaker Alexander Lebed and rebel chief-of-staff Aslan Maskhadov signed an agreement earlier on Thursday under which the two sides would cease all hostilities at noon ( 0800 GMT ) on Friday .
And these investigations into police corruption are only possible because there are people brave enough to denounce them , " Piotti said , promising a major overhaul of the provincial police next month .
Lewis A most combative night that a pariah may have thought a meeting of fell foes reviling before drawing weapons
MIAMI 1996-08-24
Calimehtar led his army up through Ithilien openly, ensuring the enemy would know his intent
Berethor and his company eventually makes it to an ancient Goblin chamber, where they slay many Goblins and find ancient Goblin treasure
The Northmen were composed of two principal groups
The Corsair Wars were a long, predominately naval struggle between the Kings and Stewards of Gondor and a series of renegade rebel forces and Haradrim based at Umbar
His son Angelimir succeeded him in TA 2932 as the twentieth Prince of Dol Amroth
PUNR leader Gheorghe Funar said in a statement Iliescu , in power since the fall of communism in 1989 , should be impeached for treason for compromising on the issue of ethnic Hungarian minority rights in the treaty due to be signed next month .
The Estonian parliament failed for a third and final time to elect a new state president on Tuesday , refusing a second mandate for incumbent Lennart Meri .
•The rings of power Silvan Elvish was a language used by the Silvan Elves of Mirkwood and Lothlórien
In earlier versions of the Middle-earth legendarium, the "Elessar gem" was made not by Enerdhil but by Celebrimbor, son of Curufin of Eregion
In Pittsburgh , Sean Berry tied a career high with six RBI and Donne Wall fired a seven-hitter for his first major-league shutout as the Houston Astros routed the Pirates 10-0 .
The Dwarves of the Iron Hills led by Dáin Ironfoot also massed an army to save Thorin and regain the Lonely Mountain for the Dwarves
Under Alfrids command, Braga ordered his men to dump the barrels of fish, which carried the the Dwarves, back into the water, but Bard was able to convince Alfrid not to since the morale is low in Lake-town due to dwindling food supplies
Did Not Bat : A. Mullally .
Topics covered include the design of Middle-earth cultures portrayed in the film, the making of props and settings for Hobbiton, Rivendell, the Orthanc interior, and Caras Galadhon, and the complicated processes of prosthetics
Alqualondë means "Haven of the Swans" from the Quenya words "alqua" ("swan") and "londë" ("land-locked haven")
LONDON 1996-08-30
Grant Stafford ( South Africa ) vs. Guy Forget ( France )
Half-orcs were the product of the union of Men and Orcs, probably the same process which created the Uruk-hai
Ekkaia (at first spelled Eccaia) was a Quenya word
The Song of Durin was sung by the dwarf Gimli to the Fellowship of the Ring as they journeyed through Moria
NEW YORK 1996-08-27
Men called the Ilkorins who inhabited the Hisilómë before them "Shadow Folk"
2. Tom Pukstys ( U.S. ) 84.20
During the late fifth century of the Third Age in TA 490, the Easterlings invaded Gondor from this land and were at war with Gondor periodically for about fifty-one years until King Turambar decisively defeated them in TA 541
Spot Thomson will also be responsible for the campaign TV and radio spots , it said .
Rohirrum swords and spears and arrowheads were commonly bronze
The Witch-king left the host for a few days to oversee a project being made, and returned with better armour and weapons for the host; he was thus prepared for the final conquer of the region
Choudhury , a former foreign minister and veteran diplomat , was appointed speaker of the 330-member parliament on July 13 , a month after general elections returned the Awami League of Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina to power after 21 years .
" I have my own car now and that helps , " said Martinez .
Mohamed Abu Liwaya , said Information Ministry censors had told him to send all the copies of the August edition back to Cyprus at his own expense .
The queen will be accompanied by her husband Prince Claus on the September 30 to October 3 visit .
However this hypothesis about the volcano was proven false by the 12th volume of "The History of Middle-earth", "The Peoples of Middle-earth", where is stated that the mountain was created by Melkor in the First Age, thus before the draining of the inland Sea of Helcar
Freca was a lord of Rohan who quarreled with King Helm Hammerhand, indirectly sparking a conflict between Rohan and the Dunlendings
NEW YORK 1996-08-25
7. Annette Peters ( U.S. ) 15:07.85
Nevertheless, Adûnaic is is one of the best attested Mannish languages in whole legendarium, thus the attempts to reconstruct a fully functional Neo-Adûnaic language are numerous
Samir Arnaut
Borondir was the only survivor, and presented the Red Arrow to the Éothéod King Eorl the Young
Shanghai-Ek Chor Motorcycle Co , a Sino-Thai joint venture , opened a new plant to produce gasoline engines in the Pudong New Area of Shanghai , the Xinhua news agency reported on Wednesday .
LOS ANGELES AT MONTREAL
3. Michael Schumacher ( Germany ) Ferrari 1:51.778
Some people were inspired to compose poems in Quenya or Sindarin, the two most developed of Tolkiens created languages
He along with Gwaihir and Landroval was one of the Eagles who rescued Frodo and Sam from the slopes of Mount Doom (Orodruin), after the destruction of the One Ring
Even Tolkien said little about the mystery behind the character, stating that some things must remain mysterious in any narrative, "especially if an explanation really exists." In general, it is considered as accepted the theory that Tom is one of the Ainur, angelic beings who shaped the earth
In TA 3019 Narsil was reforged in Rivendell as the sword Andúril (Sindarin for "Flame of the West") for the heir of Isildur, Aragorn
At the same time , the department said in a separate report that new orders received by U.S. factories climbed strongly in July , with widespread gains across most major categories .
In his LEGO version, his skin is tan, but in the movie it is pale (almost white)
After the Downfall of Númenor the Black Númenóreans led by lords such as Herumor and Fuinur continued to rule the Haradrim and oppose the descendants of the Faithful
Cumberbatch stars in the historical drama film, "The Imitation Game" (2014) as wartime cryptographer Alan Turing
The container , with 7.5 tonnes of cannabis , was found in Malta Freeport in transit from Singapore to Romania .
1. Chris Boardman ( Britain ) 4:13.353
He was with Faramir when Sam and Frodo were captured by his men
And the king himself, along with his host that had landed on Aman, was buried under falling hills, and would remain in the Caves of the Forgotten until the Dagor Dagorath
9. Lance Armstrong ( U.S. ) Motorola 9
The Valar are divine beings below a greater, more ultimate Creator: Eru Ilúvatar
He later worked on armour weapons for "The Lord of the Rings film trilogy" and Costume Props Supervisor for the three films of "The Hobbit film trilogy"
The combined Army of the West then carried the battle to Sauron at the Battle of the Black Gate, a feint to distract the Dark Lords attention from Frodo Baggins quest to destroy the One Ring in Mount Doom, thus causing Saurons destruction and the allies ultimate victory
The name meant "Place of the Gods" in Sindarin
7. Linda Kisabaka ( Germany ) 52.41
Duffy Waldorf , who also tied for second at the World Series of Golf , carded a 70 to lead a group of six golfers at 13 under , including Kraft .
Glorfindel joined Tuor in defending the Square, until Egalmoth arrived and Ecthelion was slain during his fight with Gothmog
"Ada" - Father, spoken by Arwen to Lord Elrond "Adan "- Father of Man (Sindarin, from the Quenya Atan, Atani) The Elves name for those Men who first crossed the Blue Mountains (Ered Luin) during the First Age
Dole 's tax cut plans were called " deja-voodoo economics .... It 's a warmed-over plan that failed and drove our economy into a ditch .
Iraq has balked at the number of U.N. staff needed to implement the oil-for-food deal , blaming the United States for insisting on stringent monitoring .
The Wargs and Orcs lose the battle, and the survivors flee
King Eldacar, who himself had Northmen blood, showed favour to the Northmen who supported him
Akram , Moin Khan , Mushtaq Ahmed , Waqar Younis , Mohammad Akam
4. Teutenberg 4 seconds
Arafat said he replied : " is this like their previous promises ? "
Human rights workers say Serbian and Bosnian Serb authorities coerced refugees to register only in Serb-held territory in Bosnia to solidify the results of wartime expulsions and military conquest .
While in Moria, he discovered Durins Axe and a Mithril helm (possibly the crown of Durin l) and claimed them as his own
Belfalas was also home to an old Elf-haven called Edhellond which was founded before the end of the First Age by Nandor and Elven remnants of Doriath who did not wish to remain in Lindon due to their dislike of the Ñoldor still held by these Sindar Elves
Together the Éothéod and the army of Gondor defeated the Balchoth and Orcs in the Battle of the Field of Celebrant, driving them into the great river
At Cirith Gorgor, Aragorn and the armies of Gondor and Rohan met with the army of Mordor in a battle just before the One Ring was destroyed
Scorers : Andy Townsend ( 5th ) , Keith O'Neill ( 7th ) , Niall Quinn ( 11th , 61st ) , Ian Harte ( 19th ) .
France also took third place in the sprint , Magali Faure defeating ex-world champion Tanya Dubnicoff of Canada 2-0 .
Scoreboard of the second one-day cricket match between England and Pakistan on Saturday :
Nori fought in and survived the Battle of Five Armies and returned to the Lonely Mountain where he established himself and grew rich. During the War of the Ring, Nori was still living in the Lonely Mountain, and possibly fought in the Battle of Dale against the Easterlings
A rampaging elephant dragged a sleeping 72-year-old woman from her bed and trampled her to death in the third such killing in two months , Nepal police said on Thursday .
Czech Republic President Vaclav Havel is scheduled to make an official visit to Brazil Sept .
A little while in a true cave-like section of Moria, they discover a chest with one of seven ancient runes, which supposedly lead to a great treasure
Five players were ejected after Yankees ' outfielder Paul O'Neill and Seattle catcher John Marzano got into a fight after O'Neill had been brushed back .
During the battle itself, the Witch-king joins the other Ringwraiths in destroying various buildings and material inside Minas Tirith while the Orc army besieges the city
He is most famous for his role as the Elf Haldir of Lórien in "The Lord of the Rings" film trilogy (2001 - 2003); he also voiced the Orcs Gothmog and Guritz in its
It might have been translated from the original Rohirric "Tûrac", an old word for "king"
Add Women 's singles , third round Linda Wild ( U.S. ) beat Barbara Rittner ( Germany ) 6-4 4-6 7-5 Asa Carlsson ( Sweden ) beat 15 - Gabriela Sabatini ( Argentina ) 7-5 3-6 6-2
In a telephone call to a local newspaper from his holiday home in Spain , Dalglish said : " We came to the same opinion , albeit the club came to it a little bit earlier than me . "
1. Isel Lopez ( Cuba ) 61.36
"Luin "- Sindarin word for blue
Kent 323-5 declared ( C. Hooper 77 ,
Parliament 's press officer told Reuters that Speaker Toomas Savi will convene an electoral college involving 101 MPs and and 273 local government representatives on September 20 .
3. Ekimov 1 minute 7 seconds
In Ralph Bakshis 1978 animated version of "The Lord of the Rings", one of the Nazgûl (possibly the Witch-king, for he carries a mace), is shown riding a fellbeast
"Anduin" is a Sindarin word meaning "Long river" or "great river"
In Houston , Orlando Miller 's two-run homer with one out in the bottom of the ninth off Todd Stottlemyre gave the Houston Astros a 3-1 win over the St. Louis Cardinals and left the teams in a virtual tie for the lead in the NL Central division .
December cotton closed 0.95 cent higher at 77.06 cents per pound on the New York Cotton Exchange despite some easing of concern about the twin hurricane threat to key U.S. growing areas with forecasts indicating both storms may remain offshore .
2005 Winners: 2006 Winners: 2007 Winners: Fosco Baggins was a Hobbit of the Shire and the grandfather of Frodo Baggins
Gunmen seized Penrose , who comes from Swerford in southern England , Frenchman Frederic Malardeau and six other hostages from their car in Grozny , the capital of Chechnya , on July 27 .
CHICAGO 1996-08-29
In secret, while the Valar rested from their labours, Melkor raised the vast Iron Mountains and built his fortress Utumno beneath them
For this reason the scholars that attempted to reconstruct Avarin necessitated to create a wholly original vocabulary and grammar rules, mostly based on the phonology of the only six word known and on the evidences given by the other Elvish languages
Seeking aid, Thingol called on the Laiquendi and Denethor answered, leading an army against their enemy’s eastern host, but were driven off and surrounded at Amon Ereb before they could be rescued by Thingols army
Buldar married her against her will and the couple had several sons, the youngest of whom was Hazad
Primitive Quendian or Primitive Quenderin, also known as Primitive Elvish, was the original language of the Elves
The Sindarin word was perhaps Edhellen ("Elvish")
These hills were the burial mounds that were made in the First Age of the Sun for the Edain, and later in Second and Third Ages for the Kings of Men
The men of this House were the descendants of Haldad, but the house was named after Haldads daughter Haleth, who led her people from East Beleriand to Brethil
Her years of birth and death are not given in "The Lord of the Rings", but a birth-year of 2772 for her appears on Boffin family tree BF4 in "The Peoples of Middle-earth"
Claire wrote a handful more stories with the release of , but then abandoned the series
After war After the war, Tareg and his people, along with Ermon and his folk (their mannish allied), move westward reaching the river Sirion in the northwest of the Great Lands
WASHINGTON 1996-08-29
India fishermen say forced to carry Tamil refugees .
When Smaug came to the Lonely Mountain the Arkenstone became a part of his hoard
Florida boy kills himself before starting new school .
Arafat says Israel declares war on Palestinians .
Alex Rodriguez had two homers and four RBI for the Mariners , who have dropped three in a row and 11 of 15 .
The television , which did not say when the security forces killed the rebels , said the four arrested men confessed details of the assassination of the French Roman Catholic Bishop Pierre Claverie .
On a morning in Spring he spotted four Númenórean ships from the top of a hill and with his father he went to warn the town-master Mogru about the intruders
Frodo and the others then see another strange creature—a small, crouching shape with pale eyes—but it slips away into the night
MANAGUA , Nicaragua 1996-08-26
from ( Patriotic Union of Kurdistan chief ) Jalal Talabani , " Aziz said in a statement carried by the official Iraqi News Agency ( INA ) .
8. Michael Mollenbeck ( Germany ) 59.24
Pakistan lead the series 1-0 .
The name Calimehtar is a Quenya word that meant Swordsman of light
The war destroyed the Men of Carn Dûm and the kingdom of Angmar
Frodo Baggins, the Ring-bearer, makes a huge sacrifice in saving Middle-earth from evil, as the One Ring takes its toll on him
After Thorin and Company accidentally release Smaug upon Lake-town, Bard the Bowman, a direct descendent of Girion, retrieves the arrow from his home and attempts to reach Lake-town’s wind lance ballista, intent on slaying Smaug
Gandalf tells them that a new danger has come: an army of goblins and Wargs who intend to take the treasure for themselves
His gang was then rounded up and locked away
" The plane landed at Sofia airport at 1503 ( 1203 GMT ) after receiving a signal that there is an explosive on board , " the official , who declined to be named told Reuters .
" That 's it , the war is over , " Lebed told reporters who witnessed the signing .
The Isen and the Adorn formed the western boundary of the Kingdom of Rohan and was treated to be a natural defence against the Dunlendings as well as being watched by the Rohirrim, but the triangle of land between the Isen, Adorn, and the White Mountains was a contested land, claimed by the Rohirrim as well as the Dunlendings
LONDON 1996-08-23
It was also called the Hill of Hearing in Westron
Aragorn becomes stuck to the wargs saddle and tumbles to his supposed death
16 - Martina Hingis ( Switzerland ) beat Angeles Montolio ( Spain ) 6-1 6-0
A large Orc wielding an iron scimitar is gored in the stomach by Hildas spear, a few others are cut down by Bains own sword, and the women slay a large number of others before the few remaining Orcs retreat in utter panic
ZURICH 1996-08-25
Aranarth urged Círdan to send ships to rescue Arvedui, but this ship never returned
Thinking that he hears something behind him, Legolas turns around, giving Bilbo Baggins enough time to sneak through the gates wearing the One Ring
STUTTGART , Germany 1996-08-25
CRICKET - INDIA V SRI LANKA SCOREBOARD .
A. Wells 51 ; A. Penberthy 4-36 ) .
The Dunlendings feared that Helm Hammerhand was a wraith that wandered through Rohan as its protector
JYVASKYLA , Finland 1996-08-26
During his fathers reign, Arvegil saw events that would shape the history of Middle-earth, including the foundation of the Shire
July 12 v Scotland
Berlin organisers hoped to have American 1984 and 1988 champion Carl Lewis in the squad but he injured himself in last Friday 's Brussels meeting .
In the night, large siege towers were dragged to the walls by Mûmakil to test the garrison
The Haradrim, known in Westron as the Southrons and once as "Swertings" by Hobbits, were the race of Men from Harad in the region of Middle-earth directly south of Gondor
He seems to be getting enjoyment out of seeing the shocked and horrified faces of Frodos friends
TEHRAN 1996-08-29
An unused troll concept was the "Caber Troll", a horned troll intended to throw giant cabers (logs/trees) adorned with spikes and hammers into the allied army lines
The project took six weeks to record, plus preparation time
Finland 's trade surplus rose to 3.83 billion markka in April from 3.43 billion in March , the National Customs Board ( NCB ) said in a statement on Thursday .
The Gate of Gold was the sixth gate of the Elven city of Gondolin
His daughter, Emeldir "the Man-hearted", named her son after her father; this child was the renowned Beren Erchamion ("Beren the One-handed")
Two Thai border policemen were seriously wounded on Sunday when members of a Burmese rebel splinter faction ambushed their patrol in northwest Thailand , security officers said .
The caves were formed when Ilúvatar caused the hills of the Calacirya to fall on the army of Ar-Pharazôn, after the king and his followers broke the Ban of the Valar by invading Aman in the Second Age
-- Paris newsroom +33 1 4221 5452
Should Rubin leave , Wall Street would worry that he might take his strong-dollar policy with him .
He himself decided to set sail for Valinor, there to plead with the Valar for forgiveness and mercy for the Númenórean people, since at least a few had remained faithful
After the Darkening of Valinor he also hurried Fëanor to take a decision about surrendering the Silmarils
3. Haga 38:32.040
Western powers regard diplomatic normalisation between Croatia and Serbia , twin pillars of the old multinational federal Yugoslavia , as a crucial step towards a lasting peace in the Balkans .
"Fumellar" is thus most likely a Valarin word with that translation
Mona Eltahawy
Buddy Groom pitched a perfect ninth inning .
Collingwood 21 8 0 13 2103 2091 100.6 32
The Dwarves of the Lonely Mountain spoke this language, using the Dale-languages translations of their names when interacting with others so as not reveal their true language, Khuzdul
Anthony Hill ( Australia ) beat Dan Jenson ( Australia ) 15-9 15-8 15-17 17-15
It traces the great expansion of the tale into new lands and new peoples south and east of the Misty Mountains: the emergence of Lothlórien, of Ents, of the Riders of Rohan, and of Saruman the White in the fortress of Isengard
Atletico Madrid - Esnaider ( 37th ) , Pantic ( 57th , penalty )
Suu Kyi , who spearheads a campaign for sanctions on Burma 's government , was under house arrest for six years without being tried before being released in July 1995 .
Belgian police arrest detective in Dutroux affair .
Volendam 1 ( Jongsma 85th ) PSV Eindhoven 3 ( Marcelo 19th , 47th ,
Bernard Hickey
The last of the Dúnedain of Arnor had become a dwindled and wandering people known as the Rangers of the North
Sindarin was designed with a -like phonology - it has most of the same sounds and similar
He notably holds his own against several wraiths at once, before they are all defeated
Wales beat San Marino 6-0 ( halftime 4-0 ) in a World Cup soccer European group 7 qualifier on Saturday .
All that is needed is for everyone to show goodwill , " Commission spokesman Yoka Lye Mudaba told reporters .
U.N. and diplomatic sources said on Tuesday that Secretary- General Boutros Boutros-Ghali had appointed Italian Gualtiero Fulcheri and sent him to Iraq last week to replace Moroccan Mohamed Zejjari .
When Iron Crown Enterprises gained the licensing rights for games made from Tolkiens books, they expanded the selection of named dragons considerably in both "Middle-earth Role Playing" and "The Wizards", a trading card game set in Middle-earth
" We think that the Afrikaner model within this new , multi- ethnic society of South Africa will have to develop experimentally with world thinking in this regard . "
The word "Númerrámar" is Quenya and means "west wings"
Because of Eldacars short-lived Northman mother, many of the Dúnedain and Men of Gondor were unwilling to accept him as their future king
Dal Maso declined to comment on the alleged fifth murder , saying only that " the interrogations are not over yet " with investigators .
However, it would have been difficult to pass unnoticed, because the many roads running from Mordor into Rhûn were often marched along by Easterlings entering Mordor or patrolling the roads and borders
""Now the Captains of the West led their host towards the City, and folk saw them advance in line upon line, flashing and glinting in the sunrise and rippling like silver"." ""But when Aragorn arose all that beheld him gazed in silence, for it seemed to them that he was revealed to them now for the first time
6. Thomas Radstrom ( Sweden ) Toyota Celica 2:23
Of the Three Houses of Elves, the Ñoldor and the Vanyar spoke slightly different, though mutually intelligible, dialects of Quenya ("Ñoldorin Quenya" and "Vanyarin Quenya", respectively)
There were seven days in the Shire week
Born in TA 2576, Orodreth was the son of Belecthor I
At the site where Illuin fell the inland Sea of Helcar was formed, of which Cuiviénen was a bay
( Australia ) , Mark Roe , Emanuele Canonica ( Italy )
JOHANNESBURG 1996-08-22
Fords across the river were located in the ruined city (half of Osgiliath was located on each side of the river) that were the only path a large army could cross the Anduin for hundreds of miles up or downstream (from Cair Andros to Pelargir)
Examples were the Rohirrim, the Men of Dale, and the Breelanders
Result : Sri Lanka won by 9 wickets
Asgon and his men would follow Húrin to confront the Easterling chief Lorgan, though little would come from that meeting
A Fellowship is created, consisting of all the Free Peoples of Middle-earth, including Elves and Dwarves, setting aside their differences against the common enemy, Sauron
Gwindor was credited with beginning the Nírnaeth Arnoediad when, at the sight of his brother Gelmirs brutal murder at the hands of Orcs, he rashly charged the hosts of Morgoth on the plains of Anfauglith by his own will
On Tuesday , Israeli crews hoisted a bulldozer over the walls of Jerusalem 's old city and demolished the centre , saying it was being restored without a building permit .
" The strategic aim of European integration should not in any way damage Ukraine 's interests in post-Soviet areas .
PARAMARIBO , Surinam 1996-08-21
But Bolg proved to be stronger and he managed to kill Kíli with his mace
Itamar Rabinovich , who as Israel 's ambassador to Washington conducted unfruitful negotiations with Syria , told Israel Radio it looked like Damascus wanted to talk rather than fight .
This was despite opposition and eventually persecution from the Kings Men
Thrugg was an Uruk-hai Berserker who was one of the leaders that commanded Sarumans army during the Battle of the Hornburg
Highly intelligent, Smaug appears to possess a rather sardonic sense of humor, darkly mocking Bilbo while they converse within the Lonely Mountains treasure chamber
When Morgoth was defeated, Eönwë took the two remaining Silmarils and held them for safekeeping
Brad Clontz ( 6-2 ) picked up the win in relief for Atlanta , which has won 11 of its last 13 games .
Their origin and history have been lost to Men
In war, they would frequently stand as towers that could not be captured; shield walls broke before them and armies were routed around them
Larry Fine
286 Hidemichi Tanaka ( Japan ) 66 75 75 70 , Steve Jones 70 69
Then, Sauron forged the One Ring in order to control the others
" It 's a win that I can be proud of , " said the 30-year-old Swede , winner of two U.S. Opens and six Grand Slam titles in all . "
After the Dagor Bragollach, she and her folk moved northeast through the Ered Wethrin and after enduring great losses and finally came to Dor-lómin in Hithlum and were well received by the folk there
Legolas was the most renowned archer throughout the Third Age
Dutroux , a convicted child rapist and unemployed father-of-three , led police 11 days ago to the bodies of eight-year-olds Julie Lejeune and Melissa Russo in the garden of another of the six houses he owns around the southern Belgian city of Charleroi .
In the Folk of Marach family tree from "The War of the Jewels", Zimrahin and Malach had a third child
Yavanna subsequently begged Curumo to take Aiwendil with him
The chieftain of the Lossoth counseled Arvedui not to go aboard the ships and face the bitter northern winter, but the king refused and went anyway
11 years into King Déors reign in TA 2710, by which time his grandson Prince Helm had grown to manhood, the Dunlendings would successfully capture the Gondorian fortress of Isengard, which they would use in succeeding years as a base
CHICAGO AT TORONTO
In these evil days, many of the Faithful emigrated to the friendly havens in Middle-earth
The suit was filed on Wednesday in federal court in Manhattan and is another legal skirmish over what constitutes a " broadcast " in the computer age .
Zairean Prime Minister Kengo wa Dondo said on Thursday in a visit to Rwanda that his country would expell all the refugees back to Rwanda but he gave no timeframe .
M. Slater run out 9
2:29.34 Maria Mutola ( Mozambique ) Brussels 25.8.95
Silver Wing is largely associated with attacking due to its attack value and Ranged keyword
Before the battle starts between the Dwarves, Men and Elves, Percy witnesses the arrival of Azogs army who then attack Dáin Ironfoots Dwarf army
It endured the longest of all the Ñoldorin kingdoms in exile, lasting nearly four centuries during the Years of the Sun
In the ages prior to the sun, Arda was reformed by the massive energy released when Melkor destroyed the original light sources, the Two Lamps
In his battle against Azog, Thorin uses Orcrist and his oak-branch against him
The United States edged Austria in Salzburg 3-2 in the opening round in April , and then blanked Japan 5-0 in Nagoya last month in the semifinals .
NEW YORK 1996-08-23
" The United Kingdom believes that such a treaty will contribute positively to the further development of good neighbourly relations between the two countries and enhance the stability of the region , " said the British Foreign office statement .
Whereas the Men who owned the nine Rings were corrupted and became the Nazgûl, the Dwarves were unaffected, save by an increase of their goldlust and hatred for anything that stood between them and what they perceived as their treasure
He was noted by Thorin to be the strongest of the thirteen companions
Moin Khan b Salisbury 23
CRICKET - PAKISTAN BEAT ENGLAND BY NINE WICKETS IN THIRD TEST .
Other issues with the story that were inventions or removals by Guy Gavriel Kay (and Christopher Tolkien) are also discussed in "The History of Middle-earth" include Thingol being slain inside his palace and: "Beren and Lúthien" restores much of the original story as J.R.R. Tolkien had originally conceived moving Thingols death during a wolf-hunt outside of Menegroth (Thousand Caves), after the battles with the Dwarves hired to work the gold inside
"Eärámë" is Quenya for ‘Eagle’s wing’, from "ea" meaning “eagle”, as in "Eärendil", and "rámë" which is said to derive from "ráma", “wing”, as in "Alqarámë"
GRONINGEN , Netherlands 1996-08-30
At this time, it is not known whether it had any connections to the Belegaer in the south of the world but it did share a connection with the Ekkaia in the north of the world
MILWAUKEE 65 71 .478 16
Although they were due to fight for Sauron in the Battle of the Pelennor Fields, they were defeated by the Army of the Dead and their ships seized by Aragorn II Elessar
LONDON 1996-08-31
England
Sting was an Elven short-sword made in Gondolin during the First Age
She probably went into exile and translated her name to Sindarin in Middle-earth (the Ñoldor who did not reach it had no Sindarin names)
He will be replaced by Eliahu Ben-Elissar , a former Israeli envoy to Egypt and right-wing Likud party politician .
BOSTON AT OAKLAND
He was one of the Black Númenóreans, Men who established their dwellings in Middle-earth during the years of Saurons domination and worshiped him
However, in "The Peoples of Middle-earth", they are said to have arrived in the Second Age, around the year SA 1600, the time of the forging of the One Ring
The study of the published material made possible to create or artificially derive new words, using Elvish roots from primitive languages (both in lore and in conceptual history) or cognates from relative languages or related words
73 D.A. Weibring , Brad Bryant , Craig Parry ( Australia ) ,
Seers were certain individuals of Arda who seemed to possess the ability to predict major events; something even Wizards could not necessarily do
BANGKOK 1996-08-29
In this place will I abide, and my heirs, unto the ending of the world." His heir and 38th-great-grandson Aragorn spoke these traditional words again when he took up the Crown of Gondor at the beginning of the Fourth Age
These included enslaved Men of the East and the South, who spoke a variety of tongues, and Orcs and Trolls, who usually spoke a debased form of the Common Speech
The tournament , starting on August 26 , also includes India and Zimbabwe .
The women said they went to Belgium voluntarily and police suspect they were used to act in pornographic films , Gajdos said earlier this week .
Nuremberg 25,929 up 17.8
China has been accused of a wide range of human rights abuses , often in violation of its own legal code , in an effort to silence dissent .
Waqar Younis lbw b Gough 4
The Haradrim also utilized these weapons, though not on such a massive scale as their Easterling and Orc companions-in-arms
The name Húrin means "Steadfast" in Sindarin
PLO Council calls for halt to contacts with Israel .
Those others seen using the longbow were the Green Elves of Ossiriand (later Lindon), the Ñoldor, the Edain and later the Easterlings
Fastitocalon was said to have been mistaken many times for an island by many sailors, who were soon drowned when he submerged into the sea
Some men from Dunland surrendered and were allowed to leave
Ambassador Abdulsamad Hameed Ali told INA there was only one diplomat among the 199 passengers and crew on the Sudan Airways Airbus .
One trader said despite the fact that some kerosene was in storage at Dubai ports , demand looked to exceed supply in the near term .
He said the company decided to sell its U.S. investment in order to consolidate investments closer to its administrative base .
3. William Tanui ( Kenya ) 3:51.40
Dan Jensen ( Australia ) beat Anders Thoren ( Sweden ) 8-15 15-12
The Éothéod continued to oppose the invaders, maintaining friendship with Gondor and learned that the Wainriders had grown hungry for more conquests and that there was great hatred of the Wainriders in those that they ruled
Lanner ( Sweden ) , Wayne Riley ( Australia )
In , the Dunlendings (named Wildmen of Dunland) are summonable units of Isengard and the Goblin faction, from a 10-point power
These forests, alongside the fertile coastal plain, would prove to be draws for Elven migration and habitation
BOSTON AT OAKLAND
It was where at least one tribe of Harfoots migrated to in mid-summer, the reason said to be the edible snails that lived there
The Stonefoots were one of the Houses of the seven Fathers of the Dwarves that dwelt in the mountains of the east
When the Rohirrim charged onto the battlefield, Éomer led the first éored in the center while Elfhelms éored was on the right flank and Grimbolds took the left, and the other companies followed behind
Games such as and Electronic Arts "The Battle for Middle-earth "series, and are licensed by Middle-earth Enterprises, and so feature copyrighted property from the films such as Howard Shores soundtrack, the gold title wordmark, and/or resemblances of characters in the film trilogy
Other tribes of Men remained east of the Misty Mountains, apart from Beleriand, and did not engage with Morgoth
An hour of wolves and shattered shields when the age of men comes crashing down, but it is not this day! This day we fight! By all that you hold dear good on this earth, I bid you stand, Men of the West!" The Host of the West then charges bravely into the Orcs
Bob was a resident of Bree
During Saurons influence and rule in Middle-earth, he swayed and corrupted nine powerful Men of Númenórean and Easterling stock by giving them each one of the nine Rings of Power
Black Adûnaic in the Third Age
2. Gary Neiwand ( Australia )
5. Federico Colonna ( Italy ) Mapei
Tajik government troops now control of the strategically vital town of Tavildara after driving out Islamic rebels , but sporadic gunfire still echoed in the nearby Pamir mountains on Friday .
However, the Eagles attack the Orcs and throw many of the Warg-riders off the cliff
Thus, Tolkien substituted Old Norse for the language of the Men of Esgaroth (in person and place names, etc.)
All Fishermen 's Association secretary N.J. Bose said the strike would continue indefinitely and the fishermen would block road and rail traffic if their demands were not met .
So far, Megans only known role was in Peter Jacksons "The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey"
In eagerness Frodo bends down too closely with the One Ring on its chain, which nearly touches the Mirrors water before Galadriel restrains him
Another group of about a hundred Goblin Mercenaries arrived first at Ravenhill to attack
He comes to her home of elm trees and gardens, which is described in full. Ælfwine learns from Meril some of the fundamental differences between Man and Elda (Elf), of their different yearnings, and the consequent danger of "limpë" for Men
J.R.R. Tolkien began writing the story that would become "The Fall of Gondolin" in 1917, in an army barracks on the back of a sheet of military marching music
Serbian policeman shot dead in Kosovo province .
First, not all the Men who remained east of the Blue Mountains and Misty Mountains were tempted by Morgoth or Sauron
1. Museeuw 162 points
Africa ) 66 75 76
" They have confirmed to us that Iraqi troops are taking part in the attack on Arbil ...
Aamir Sohail not out 29
At this time, there were three breeds, or tribes, of Hobbits, with different physical characteristics and temperaments: Harfoots, Stoors and Fallohides
" I did n't hit it very well today , " said Henke . "
Dagor Aglareb is Sindarin for Glorious Battle
Viral meningitis epidemic kills 10 in Romania .
North Battleford , Sask .
As seven dragons led the enemys forces towards the Square, the remaining army of Gondolin began its last stand
In "Middle-earth: Shadow of War," Ranger is an Olog-hai who only speaks Black Speech
3. Slight 38:32.149
The Dwarves left Doriath, but at Sarn Athrad were ambushed by an army of Laiquendi led by Beren and his son Dior
The statement from Morris said that he had submitted his resignation on Wednesday night . "
The Steward of Gondor, Túrin II sent a rich weregild of gold to Folcwine in recompense for his loss
Let them "sá-sí", if they can speak no better."" Note on the text
KIRKLAND , Wash .
The Witch-king appears as a boss in the Wii and PS3 versions of "", which depict Aragorn directly confronting this powerful foe
3. Rodica Matescu ( Romania ) 14.18
Italy ( Adler Capelli , Cristiano Citto , Andrea Collinelli , Mauro Trentino ) 4:02.752 beat France ( Cyril Bos , Philippe Ermenault , Jean-Michel Monin , Francis Moreau ) 4:04.539
Spokesman Glyn Davies said in a statement that the agreement followed direct U.S. contacts with Massoud Barzani , leader of the Kurdistan Democratic Party ( KDP ) , and Jalal Talabani , leader of the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan ( PUK ) .
Two months ago , Clinton announced he wanted an interim effort established .
Score : England 326 ( J. Crawley 106 , G. Thorpe 54 .
Czech Republic at Germany
1. Antonella Bellutti ( Italy ) 3:31.526 ( world record )
The Free Peoples win if the Ring-bearers manage to get to Mordor and climb up the slopes of Mount Doom, eventually destroying the One Ring
69 76 73 , Mark Roe 69 71 78
Leila Corcoran
Nele Zilinskiene ( Lithuania ) 1.85
He was also a stuntman for two of "The Chronicles of Narnia" films
After the incident, Soury is among the other guards who arrest the Company for their attempt to steal weapons
In the game "Middle Earth Role Play" by Iron Crown Enterprises, a Sindarin name for the land—Romenor (Easternesse)—is given, although it does not appear in any of Tolkiens writings
It was a costly defeat for Ottey since it threw her out of the race for the Golden Four jackpot .
The announcement followed a report in the weekly supermarket tabloid Star magazine , reprinted in Thursday 's editions of the New York Post , that the married adviser had hired a 37-year-old prostitute on a weekly basis while visiting Washington to advise Clinton on his re-election campaign .
Dutch co-operative bank Rabobank Nederland BA 's net profit growth might slow to less than than 10 year percent in the second half of 1996 , executive board chairman Herman Wijffels said on Monday .
Larry Fine
It focuses on the Awakening of Men and their early days in the eastern land of Hildórien and the nature of Men compared with the firstborn Elves
As well as one of the explanations he thought unlikely when he was writing "The Silmarillion" in which he requested Thingol go out bring the treasure back to Doriath
Saarbruecken 626 up 28.3
Of Eldarion, it was foretold that he should rule a great realm and that it should endure for a hundred generations of Men after him, that is until a new age changed the world, and from him should come the kings of many realms in long days after
8. Craig Winrow ( Britain ) 1:46.66
The shutdown of the 220 KV lines reduced by 500 megawatts ( MW ) the amount of power which the area received from SoCal Edison 's 1,200 MW Sierra hydroelectric facility , he said .
But Enderle said the figure could have been even higher if Microsoft had done a better job of handling the huge demand for technical support from customers who were frustrated trying to install the system .
TEXAS AT MINNESOTA
6. Svetlana Samokhalova ( Russia ) 3:46.216
British Foreign Secretary Malcolm Rifkind said on Tuesday that his government would only take action against a planned conference of Islamist groups in London if British law was broken .
NICE , France 1996-08-30
Boardman 4:14.784 caught Edouard Gritson ( Russia )
By the Third Age, werewolves still among Saurons servants; Gandalf mentioned them in conversation with Frodo Baggins, after the events at the Ford of Bruinen, together with Orcs, wraiths and wargs as serving the whims of the Dark Lord
CAPE TOWN 1996-08-31
Its name in Westron was Sûza, "Shire," or Sûzat, "The Shire." Contrary to popular misconception, the Shire was not the birthplace of Frodo Baggins, as he was born in Buckland, which at the time was not formally part of the Shire despite being colonized by Shire hobbits
The foot , which washed up on Sullivan 's Island beach this month , was amputated three years ago from a child whose legs were deformed .
Port Christine 36,5 3/9 Pembroke / US W145 Stentex .
However, the Rangers and soldiers of Lórien still demonstrated their weapons worth and showed again that it was the Orcs bane during the Battle of Helms Deep
In "The Hobbit Extended Edition", specifically in "", an additional scene includes Gandalf being questioned about Narya at Dol Guldur
This path was lined with statues known as the Púkel-men, statues originally carved by the Men of the White Mountains, in the likeness of the Drúedain
Boardman , 28 , did not contest the Olympic pursuit because of its proximity to the Tour de France in which he led the French GAN team .
Upon the green mound of Ezellohar, Yavanna sat and sang while the other Valar sat and listened
A mild-mannered and youthful man who rose rapidly after entering the Senate in 1987 , he presented himself as a Midwest moderate , as a Democratic winner in a Republican state able to unite Senate factions .
Extras ( b-1 lb-3 w-9 nb-3 ) 16
In a written statement released at the news conference , Gujral reiterated India 's objections to the treaty , under negotiation at the Conference on Disarmament in Geneva .
Shortly after the report appeared showing the confidence index rising to 109.4 in August from a revised 107.0 in July , Wall Street relinquished virtually all its morning gains .
Bill Berkrot
Most of the Dwarves who escaped fled to the Iron Hills
The triad of Rhûnic searchers, the Dweller, the Ascetic, and the Nomad tracked the Stranger from the fiery crater he left behind, attacking the Harfoots along the way when they determined they were lying about the Strangers direction of travel
Of Bergils destiny the novel or its appendices tell nothing
Cirion repaired the forts guarding the Undeeps and prepared as best he could, but could not spare many men to defend this part of his realm, and in despair he sent several messengers to Gondors old friends the Éothéod, a people now living in the Vales of Anduin to the far north
JAKARTA 1996-08-22
9/16 - Luo Yigang ( China ) beat Hwang Sun-ho ( South Korea ) 15-3
In fact, some of the differences between the two dialects of Quenya may be due to the influence of the Valarin, since more of its words were adopted by the Vanyar than by the Ñoldor
Her Missionaries of Charity , a Roman Catholic religious order she founded in 1949 , now runs about 300 homes for unwanted children and the destitute in India and abroad .
Most notably, they rebuilt the Great Gate of Minas Tirith with a new one made of mithril and steel, as well as improving upon the existing layout of the entire city
HK 's Tsang to visit Indonesia , New Zealand .
The term "Ilkorin" means "not of Kôr" in Middle Quenya, while "Hisildi" means "Twilight People, Dark Elves" in Early Quenya
The joint venture between America Online ( AOL ) and Bertelsmann AG has formed a new company to sell advertising space on AOL in Europe , a Bertelsmann official said on Tuesday .
Gore presents new image of lead attack dog .
Richardt 's Mitsubishi skidded down an escape road and ploughed into a cordoned-off area for spectators .
ATLANTA AT CHICAGO
Presently , for example , if an accountant 's job involves doing five specific tasks , he or she can expect a certain salary , said Sandra O'Neal , a Towers Perrin principal .
The plan has raised a storm of protest from U.S. avocado growers , who are largely concentrated in California .
Telchar also forged Angrist, the knife that pried a Silmaril from the Iron Crown of Morgoth, and the Dragon-helm of Dor-lómin
Valarin is is very poorly attested throughout Tolkiens writings, because in lore most of the Elves refused to learn and use it, finding it alien and sometimes unpleasant
Lanusse died after being brought to a hospital a week ago following a fall at home that resulted in a blood clot in the brain .
Martin Gates 71 77 72 , Bradley Hughes ( Australia ) 73 75 72 ,
ND PARTY PICKS SPOT THOMSON , BOLD / OGILVY , MATHER FOR AD CAMPAIGN .
2. Letitia Vriesde ( Surinam ) 2:00.39
Hoddle , coaching the side for the first time , declined to comment on the incident .
The Eastern Guard was a fortress in Mordor in eastern Lithlad that guarded the eastern entrance to the land, that Easterlings and Variags would have taken when being summoned by the Dark Lord
The Eket was a short stabbing sword used by the Númenóreans in war
Brandir means lofty or noble man in Sindarin
In his realm, both Sindarin and Silvan Elvish were spoken, though not all members of his Woodland folk spoke Sindarin
His only weapons shown is a hunting spear, a long dagger, and a shield which he uses to defend himself
Nerdanel (Quenya), also known as Nerdanel the Wise, was the daughter of the Ñoldorin smith Mahtan and the wife of the infamous Fëanor, eldest son of King Finwë
The towers were destroyed with the defeat of Sauron in TA 3019, upon the destruction of the One Ring
It is possible that the Stonefoots were among the "Houses of other Fathers" who sent troops to help Durins folk in the War of the Dwarves and Orcs
Sindarin was the Elvish language most commonly spoken in Middle-earth during in the Third Age
Created by Celebrimbor in the Second Age, along with Nenya and Vilya, after Sauron, disguised as the mysterious Annatar, had left Eregion, Narya was free of his influence, having been crafted only by Celebrimbor himself and later hidden from Saurons grasp - but it still was bound to the One Ring
Bowling : Wasim Akram 10-0-50-0 , Waqar Younis 9-0-54-1 ,
LONDON 1996-08-31
SUGO , Japan 1996-08-25
In the mobile game , near the western shore of the Sea of Rhûn exists the city of "Kineland", presented as the most important city of the Easterlings
In the years after the Sack of Nargothrond Nienor encountered Glaurung the dragon here, who had blanketed the land with dragon-reek, with only the hill top above the mists
The Spaniard has not played for nearly a year because of rheumatoid arthritis in both his feet , and organisers of a pairs event to be staged in Bordeaux , France from October 17 to 20 have been asked to provide him with a buggy .
S. Law b Streak 20
The Dwarves of Nogrod lamented the deaths of their kin and their great craftsmen and took thought of vengeance
His attack value of 3 is strong enough for him to be used as an attacker regularly
6-1 3-6 7-5 6-3
- MED / BLACK SEA
Bryan Gorman
A decade later for the fan-spoof production "Todd of the Rings", he played the role of Gandalf
It is unknown how Manwë took to Gimli’s arrival, as he would have killed Earendil for coming to Valinor uninvited and only spared him because he came on behalf of Elves and Men
An éored was a group of well-trained warriors who rode as a combat unit
His offer was politely declined due to his age, so Bilbo gave Frodo the sword Sting and for protection his mithril shirt
The origins of Giants are unknown, as is when exactly they first appeared in Middle-earth; however, it seems that they entered the history of the peoples of Middle-earth in the Third Age
Soon, Bilbo suffered the same fate as his companions and was captured by the other spiders
However, because there is no information on the halls, it can only be assumed that it was the capital of Durins Folk at the time
C. Evans c Healy b S. Waugh 15
Aldamir is a Quenya word meaning Tree-jewel
While the race of Elves would know the most bliss and contentment and would conceive more beauty than any others of the Children of Ilúvatar, it was decreed by this gift that Men would be the prime instruments of Ilúvatar within Arda
Second match : August 31 , Edgbaston ( Birmingham )
Some, such as their leader (allegedly named Sharku) wore little beyond bone and fur, whereas others preferred to be more heavily protected, wearing multiple layers of rotting hide, fur and hair or mail, but nearly all included something from the remains of the Wargs kill, such as bone and tooth, and from parts of the Warg itself
In Kragujevac where the plant is based , 9,000 to 10,000 people gathered in the central square to express their bitterness at what Stanojlovic called government indifference .
MILWAUKEE AT CHICAGO
Pirelli Cables has global sales of over $ 3.5 billion , and has become a large supplier of optic cables and systems to major telecoms carriers in the U.S. , Europe and the Far East .
At the time of the War of the Ring, Rohan was roughly a third the size of Gondor, whose borders had slowly been shrinking for centuries
MONTREAL AT SAN FRANCISCO
Then each became leaders of their own Elven-kindred
In the open regions east of the Misty Mountains, hunters of Men (whose affiliations are unknown) wearing large moose antlers pass through a secretive land of Harfoot hobbits, whose central home is a forest
Passengers rescued from blazing ferry off France .
COLOMBO 1996-08-26
Earlier Russian news reports had said Yeltsin 's children and grandchildren had visited the Russian first lady but they said only that Yeltsin , on vacation outside Moscow , had spoken to her by telephone .
As well as the movement and settlement of Men in the West
It may alternatively be of Sindarin as the Stewards after Mardil Voronwë took their names in that language
As Beleram was one of the Great Eagles, he is strong enough to carry grown Men
In the extended edition for "" his role is slightly expanded, with his army briefly engaging the Elves until the arrival of the Orcs
Óin and his brother Glóin were usually in charge of preparing the fire for the Company, as they were the most skilled of the group
Bosnian premier in Turkey for one day visit .
He met Túrin, and was given the name Labadal, which translates to hopafoot in the Sindarin tongue
"Carca" - Quenya word for fang
Hever Golf Rose ( 11-4 ) , last year 's Prix de l ' Abbaye winner at Longchamp , finished third , a further one and a quarter lengths away with the 7-4 favourite Mind Games in fourth .
While asleep, Ulmo revealed to them the hidden caves of Nargothrond and the valley of Tumladen
Poros was a small river in southeast Gondor flowing into the Anduin
KHASAVYURT , Russia 1996-08-30
PRESS DIGEST - Spain - Aug 28 .
Czech Republic - Radek Bonk ( 7th ) , Robert Reichel ( 33rd ,
Isildur in the same hour then subsequently cut the One Ring from Saurons hand, dispersing his spirit
PARIS 1996-08-31
JAKARTA 1996-08-29
Christie , competing in what is expected to be his last major international meeting , finished fifth in 10.14 .
They carry either swords or spears with triangular shields, and their horses are also well-armored, similar to real horse armor during the middle-ages and one could even argue that the Morgul knights are a corrupted reflection of the knights of Gondor, in particular Dol Amroth
The rarely used Quenya name for the Nazgûl is Úlairi
When the Shire was freed by the return of Frodo and company, the Shirriffs were returned to their original numbers and purpose, and the title “Chief Shirrif” abolished
His realm became a close ally of the Reunited Kingdom of Arnor and Gondor of King Elessar
There were also Men in Middle-earth related to the Second House, the Haladin, but because they spoke a language that was unknown to the Númenóreans they were not at first recognised as Middle Men
Here the Dwarves basked in their finds and armed themselves, and was where Bilbo found the Arkenstone and where Thorin gave him his Mithril Shirt
Later, Dáin uses his war hammer to smash the Orc who killed his boar
Hamburg 21,240 down 3.5
The people of Emerië were mainly of Bëorian origins, and they spoke an accented Adûnaic with many Bëorian words and some other oddities
Rare Hendrix song draft sells for almost $ 17,000 .
In the third vote Meri won 52 and Ruutel won 32 votes .
The design of the blade is also different to the Elvish curved swords regularly seen, likely because the blade was made in the First Age, where sword design was different
NEW YORK AT CALIFORNIA
One of his first roles was that of a heroin addict in the drama "Shark in the Park" (1989)
The government-owned al-Ingaz al-Watani said the smugglers were caught in Banat in the eastern state of Kassala , on the border with Eritrea , and had confessed they were on their way to " the so-called alliance forces which have been undertaking subversive operations on the eastern border " .
(see: ")" The Mouth of Sauron appears as the penultimate boss (with Saurons army being the final boss) in the Wii and PlayStation 3 version of "Aragorns Quest
Wulf sat upon the throne and called himself king and the Long Winter began, during which many of the people of Rohan perished from sickness and hunger and battle with the Dunlendings
When they established themselves in the Shire they rapidly adopted Westron as their own language
In Kansas City , Juan Guzman tossed a complete-game six-hitter to win for the first time in over a month and lower his league-best ERA as the Toronto Blue Jays won their fourth straight , 6-2 over the Royals .
Inaction is becoming the worst possible course of action . "
His fortitude in the face of the Army of the Dead was unwavering and his companions remarked that he was mighty indeed in the strength of his will
Themes for Lothlorien Themes for the Woodland Elves Themes for The World of Men
Bowling : Vass 9-2-35-0 , Pushpakumara 6-0-23-0 , Dharmasena
1. Michael Schumacher ( Germany ) Ferrari 1 hour 28 minutes
Airport spokeswoman Rona Young confirmed that all the passengers had left the aircraft .
If we take this section of the book to help ease the reader into the dark and dangerous world ahead from the childrens book before it, we are able take this passage to simply show that there is a lot more to Middle-earth than just the dragons, treasure and giant spiders "The Hobbit" presents us with
Warg-riders first appeared during the Battle of Five Armies, where they killed many Men and Dwarves before being defeated on the slopes of the Lonely Mountain
Thus, Finwë became the Lord of the Ñoldor who led his people on the Great Journey
The Wilhelm scream is a film and television stock sound effect that has been used in over 400 movies since 1951, usually for comedic effect
Graham Thorpe 3 5 0 159 77 31.80
Buhrdur was created for the purpose of Games Workshop as a collectible item, and therefore is a non-canon villain
Subsequently, the Nazgûl used the fell beasts to their advantage at the Battle of the Pelennor Fields and the Battle of the Morannon, but most of all in attempting to seek and find the Ring-bearer, Frodo
Aragorn, Gimli and Legolas then travel to the defensive fortification of the Hornburg, while Gandalf goes north in search of Erkenbrands men to bring as reinforcements
The Men of Far Harad were described in "The Return of the King" as "black men like half-trolls with white eyes and red tongues", as well as being called Troll-men
Richard Finn
China on Wednesday called on Japan to acknowledge its wartime past and put a stop to a tide of resurgent militarism to prevent similar atrocities in future .
BONN 1996-08-30
Gram was born in TA 2668 to his father, King Déor, and his unnamed wife
The central Jakarta court adjourned the case last Thursday for possible out-of-court settlement .
The road was built by Men of Gondor at some point either late in the Second Age or early in the Third Age
WELLINGTON 1996-08-29
8. Kamiel Maase ( Netherlands ) 28.29.42
2. Gete Wami ( Ethiopia ) 15:05.21
" There are people who are taking advantage of the news to put pressure on rates , however , there are enough players who will buy and that will keep rates from rising too much , " said one dealer .
Germany said on Thursday it had received assurances from the Russian government that its forces would observe the latest ceasefire in Chechnya .
In the earliest forms of Tolkiens Middle-earth mythology, the Dwarves were mistaken to be evil beings created by Melkor, and were also called the Nauglath
He said the note , believed to have been hand-written in Spanish and signed by the victims , was addressed to Ebe Huizinga , another Dutch citizen who owns the tree plantation . "
Towards the end of the Second Age in SA 3319, Ar-Pharazôn and his Great Armament reached Túna and he and his soldiers camped there before they were buried under mounds of earth by Eru
D. Fleming c Chandana b Jayasuriya 3
With this cave they recruited a sizable amount of snow-trolls and Dire wolves to aid the army
These Elves were likely considered "grey" by the Ñoldorin Exiles because they were neither Elves of the Light, having never set foot in the Undying Lands, nor Avari, or the Elves of Darkness, setting out on the journey and therefore counting among the Eldar
Egalmoth was an Ñoldorin Elf-lord of Gondolin in the First Age
A bomb explosion in a restaurant west of Algiers on Friday killed seven people , an Algerian newspaper said on Saturday .
Speaking in Santa Barbara , California , Dole did not directly refer to the sexual scandal but said the departure of Morris , who had advised Clinton to chart a more centrist political course , would make Clinton drift back to the left .
Gabriel ( 86th )
Hilda, Bain, and the women of Esgaroth charge the Orcs with their weapons drawn and collide into their ranks
Warwickshire captain Tim Munton is tipping Surrey to emerge on top , impressed by the positive influence of Australian coach Dave Gilbert , but Derbyshire 's Australian captain Dean Jones is conceding nothing as his side chase their first title for 60 years .
Group sales 14,600 up 3.3 pct
Egypt hopes jars will reveal secrets of mummies .
Soon, dismayed by the cries of the Nazgûl and the seeming hopelessness of the defence, most of the men on the walls had fled into the second circle of the city
Fingon the "Valiant" was a Ñoldorin Elf, the eldest son of Fingolfin, and older brother of Turgon, Aredhel, and Argon
Belladonna Took, one of three remarkable daughters of the Old Took, was said to have descended from the fairies
This chapter of "The Hobbit" holds the most importance to "The Lord of the Rings" as it deals with Bilbos finding of the One Ring and the introduction of Gollum
It was the sixth year in a row that China avoided censure at the U.N. 's main human rights forum .
Haladdin is chosen as he is a rare individual in whom there is absolutely no magic, and has a tendency to behave irrationally, for example joining the Mordorian army as a medic to impress his girlfriend and almost dying as a result, instead of putting his talents to better use at home in the university
12. Giovanna Troldi ( Italy ) 38.285
When Ælfwine discovered the island of Tol Eressëa (c
Since taking over from Jack Charlton in February , McCarthy has played largely experimental sides and seen them lose five times , draw twice and win just once .
He is predominantly known for being an artist for the publications of Brian Jacques "Redwall" series (in which he drew the icons for each of the books chapters) and contributing to books about animals in general
He then turned to confront the Balrog
3. Tristan Hoffman ( Netherlands ) TVM same time
Somerset 298-6 ( M. Lathwell 85 ,
Dickson allowed a homer to Derek Jeter on his first major-league pitch but settled down .
Throughout the events of "The Hobbit" film trilogy, a pack of Wargs are in the employ of Saurons minion, Azog, who had survived the battle at Moria
Gothmog is a Quenya name, of the terms "gos" or "goth" ("dread") and "-mbaw" ("compel, force, subject, oppress")
Canada - Aunger ( 41st min , pen ) , Paul Peschisolido ( 42nd ) , Carlo Corrazin ( 87th )
The Westron language was arguably the most enduring cultural legacy of the Realms in Exile
BONN 1996-08-22
Diana first met the Albanian-born missionary in Rome in 1992 .
Kevorkian 's lawyer , Geoffrey Fieger , said those attending Smith 's death included her husband , David , a police officer , her father , James Poland , and Kevorkian .
Lewis , though , could not make similar waves with the ball as Salim Malik and Wasim Akram batted through the rest of the session with few alarms .
Sauron was the leader amongst the Vala Aulës Maiar, whose specific skill was smithery - and from this he would come to have the ability to craft the One Ring an age later
He does not use it at his duel with Éowyn; however, instead, he wields a great mace
The meeting led to the undertaking of the Quest of Erebor, which resulted in the death of Smaug and the finding of the One Ring by Bilbo Baggins
The shooting occured around 6.30 a.m. ( 2030 GMT ) on Tuesday at Glenwood , south of Maryborough , about 150 km ( 93 miles ) north of Brisbane on the Queensland state coast .
Falas was a Sindarin word that meant coast
He survives the charge and goes on to fight the Mûmakil
U.S. says Iraqi Kurds agree ceasefire .
The troops of Gondor retreated, leaving behind their wounded, one of whom is Madril, the badly-wounded lieutenant of the Ithilien Rangers, whom Gothmog kills with a spear
The folk of Ermon stood with the Elves, but Tû came forth and destroyed Fankil, and was buried under falling hills
Poll shows Clinton lead over Dole jumps to 15 pts .
When five former Olympic 100 champions from 1948 to 1980 , who have been invited to watch the race , turned up at a news conference on Thursday , Christie was quick to put his autograph book in front of the them .
The East-lands were once part of Rhûn or The East for thousands of years and inhabited by Easterlings and other Men of Darkness
There will be both buying and selling pressure , " said broker Shakil Rizvi .
There was only one road in this region connecting any of the settlements and that was the Stock Road, which ran about ten miles from Tuckborough to Woodhall
MONTREAL AT SAN FRANCISCO
Seizing on this, Sauron released the Stoor under the belief that he might of later use and deployed the Nazgûl to find the Shire to track down the One Ring
World Cup cricket champions Sri Lanka will play two tests and three one-day internationals in a tour of New Zealand next March , officials said on Wednesday .
They are not mentioned again in the First Age until the later days of Beren and Lúthien who lived in their lands on Tol Galen between the river Adurant
U.S. envoy John Kornblum met Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic on Thursday in an effort to defuse a growing crisis surrounding Bosnia 's post-war elections .
Náli was part of an expedition led by Balin to reclaim Moria for the Dwarves of Durins Folk
Before the end of the first millennium of the Third Age, it was also known as Greenwood the Great, Eryn Galen, or Taur-e-Ndaedelos, and at the end of the Third Age after the destruction of the One Ring, it was renamed Eryn Lasgalen, the Wood of Greenleaves
Bard failed, and Thranduil ordered his army to march
The Silver Wing is one of the ships given to the players heroes by Lord Calphon
ATHLETICS - MASTERKOVA BREAKS WOMEN 'S WORLD 1,000 RECORD .
After the crossing of the Blue Mountains, the Edain started to use Sindarin as their common tongue; however, they did not forget the use of their ancient languages
While the market continues to price-in higher U.S. interest rates , there was little conviction to the theory that the Federal Reserve would tighten rates before the next Federal Open Market Committee meeting on September 24 .
Ringil was a great pillar or tower upon which the lamp Ormal sat, before the First Age in primeval Arda
MONTREAL AT SAN FRANCISCO
Ainur is a Quenya word originating from Valarin and means "Holy ones"
DRESDEN , Germany 1996-08-28
For a short while he also ruled the city when Faramir was in the Houses of Healing and Imrahil had ridden out to the Black Gate of Mordor with Aragorn and the Army of the West
Once, a number of Stoors moved briefly to Eriador
Adûnaic seems not to have been influenced by the language of the Second House of Men, the Haladin tongue, at all: when the Númenóreans returned to Middle-earth in the Second Age, they did not recognise the peoples of Enedwaith and Minhiriath as their distant kin, because these spoke Haladin languages
Andre Agassi escaped disaster on Thursday but Wimbledon finalist MaliVai Washington and Marcelo Rios were not so fortunate on a night of upsets at the U.S. Open .
However, when the Istari arrived in Middle-earth at Mithlond, Círdan gave Narya to Gandalf to aid him in his labours, perceiving him to be the purest of heart. In at least two realms, Rivendell and Lothlórien, the bliss of the Eldar was preserved
4 - Conchita Martinez ( Spain ) beat Helena Sukova ( Czech Republic ) 6-4 6-3
A Palantír is dropped into Lórien by a Mordorian researcher developing flight-based weapons (under the secret patronage of Aragorn), and Eornis is instructed to bring the Palantír to Galadriels Mirror
India says sees no arms race with China , Pakistan .
On reaching the Grove, the destination of their migration, the Harfoots are dismayed to find it destroyed by distant eruptives of Orodruin
Tuesday 's patchy showing in London followed a string of records last week , culminating in Friday 's trading high of 3,911 , fuelled by a wave of European interest rate cuts .
At a hotel convention here , the party associated with the Transcendental Meditation ( TM ) movement named physicist John Hagelin as its presidential nominee for the Nov. 5 election .
The Ainur, also known as the Holy Ones, were beings encompassing both the Valar and the Maiar
The sanctions will come into effect in November if Sudan fails to extradite the men , but Sudan says it cannot hand them over to Ethiopia for trial because they are not in Sudan .
New York Dow Jones industrial average -- 5,778.00 ( May 22/96 )
The Army of the West stands before the Black Gates of the Morannon exchanging idle words with the Mouth of Sauron
We should , as President Clinton proposed today , stop people convicted of domestic violence from buying a handgun .
The metal was composed of six different metals that of copper (Tambë), Silver (Ilsa), tin (Latúken), lead (Kanu), Iron (Anga), and gold (Laurë)
Wulfrun doesnt take part in the Fornost level, but he is mentioned in the quest of the "Cult of the Lidless Eye" as the one who writes the Black Speech into the scrolls used by the Orc and goblin sorcerers that are later destroyed by lord Elrond of Rivendell
The next morning , Ivankov appeared in the courtroom and stabbed Lavrentyeva .
At Worcester : Warwickshire 310 ( A. Giles 83 , T. Munton 54 not
The Fires of Orthanc were said to be sorcery invented or created by Saruman
However, one of Alfrids coins slips off his corset and falls on the catapult lever
Sidhu was not considered for the four-nation Singer Cup beginning in Sri Lanka this month and the Sahara Cup against Pakistan scheduled to be played in Canada next month .
Simon Brown 1 2 1 11 10no 11.00
It was the site of the Ñoldorin tower of Minas Tirith
Like most Dwarves, Gimli favored the axe and carried an assortment of variations of the weapon throughout his travels
Dan Jewell of the Whittier , Alaska police department described Phan as " extremely cooperative " . "
This one-time Captain of the Black Númenóreans is the Witch-king’s left hand man and rules over the corrupted and evil Men of Angmar "with an iron fist"
Mithlond means "Grey Haven(s)", from the Sindarin "mith" ("grey") and "lond" ("haven, harbour")
Tar-Anárion succeeded his mother, Tar-Ancalimë in SA 1280
Sporting his customary bright green outfit , the U.S. champion clocked 10.03 seconds despite damp conditions to take the scalp of Canada 's reigning Olympic champion Donovan Bailey , 1992 champion Linford Christie of Britain and American 1984 and 1988 champion Carl Lewis .
Ata-ur-Rehman 2 2 2 10 10no -
" One locomotive was stationary and the passenger train collided into the back of it , " a police spokesman in Linz told Reuters by telephone .
Hostetter compiled the numerous later essays of Tolkien that became "The Nature of Middle-earth", after being sent them by Christopher Tolkien in 2020
He was responsible for the Argonath, the pillars of the Kings
His standard "bore upon a silver field a crown of gold"
Deportivo started strongly , taking the lead midway through the first half when former Auxerre playmaker Corentine Martins headed home a corner after a flick-on by Brazilian-born Spanish international midfielder Donato .
Tumladen is a name coming from two Sindarin roots
Tom Bombadil is arguably the character of the most mystery in all of J.R.R. Tolkiens legendarium
This chapter tells of the destruction of the Two Trees by Ungoliant and Melkor, as well as Melkors theft of the Silmarils and murder of Finwë, father of Fëanor
"Atanatári" means "Fathers of Men" in Quenya, and its Sindarin cognate is "Edenedair"
At this time, the Men from the Vales of Anduin and those of the south acknowledged its authority and did homage to it
The name Lúthien means "Daughter of Flowers", from the Sindarin "luth" ("flower")
PAYING AGENT : WesBanco Bank Fairmont , Fairmont
Niugini holds copper and gold mining interests in Australia , Chile and Papua New Guinea , where it has a 17.2 percent stake in the Lihir gold project .
Tol Sirion, later known as Tol-in-Gaurhoth and Wizards Tower, was an island in the upper reaches of the river Sirion between the Ered Wethrin to the west, the Echoriath to the east, and the Fen of Serech to the north
Upon it were seven gems of adamant, and a single jewel at its peak, "the light of which went up like a flame"
16 die as bus crashes in Pakistani Kashmir .
"Avari -" Quenya for "The Unwilling." "See page Avari." "Áze" - "See Áre." B
Banharn 's 13-month-old , six-party coalition government controls 209 seats in the 391-seat lower house of parliament .
Jiri Novak ( Czech Republic ) vs. qualifier
When the One Ring is destroyed, the eruption of Mount Doom causes a rockslide that makes the pass traversable again, exposing the Red Sky Clan to whatever evil still remains lurking in Mordor
Interior Minister Manfred Kanther said in a statement he " welcomed the prosecution and conviction of one of the ringleaders of international neo-Nazism and biggest distributers of vicious racist publications " .
A.de Silva not out 49
In accordance to "The Silmarillion", Amrod and his six brothers rescued their father during the Dagor-nuin-Giliath
Actor Sylvester Stallone and his fiancee , model Jennifer Flavin , had a baby girl on Tuesday , Stallone 's publicist said .
Troll may refer to: Brandywine may refer to: Beren may refer to: The Council of Elrond was a secret meeting held by Elrond in Rivendell on October 25, 3018 of the Third Age, in order to determine the fate of the One Ring
218 Stephen McAllister 73 76 69 , Joakim Haeggman ( Swe ) 71 77
The Rangers then participated in the Siege of Gondor and Battle of the Pelennor Fields and in the advance on the Black Gate were instrumental in foiling an ambush on the Army of the West
A hijacked Sudan Airways plane carrying 199 passengers and crew landed at Stansted airport just outside London early on Tuesday morning after flying from Cyprus , eyewitnesses said .
Meanwhile , in Los Angeles , Dole 's running mate , Jack Kemp , campaigned aggressively for the black vote in an area that was the flashpoint of the 1992 Los Angeles riots .
Leonard Santorelli
The Iraqi statement said the United States was " interfering and pressing to augment the number of international staff and this is not legal and not justified . "
Lauck 's worldwide network has been the main source of anti-Semitic propaganda material flowing into Germany since the 1970s .
By the late Third Age, they were infamous for being the haunting place of trolls, mainly Hill-trolls that had travelled down from the Ettenmoors
" We want to help turn down the rhetoric in a country that borders former Yugoslavia yet in which people are still talking about secession , " he added .
Egypt 199,900 Nil
NEW YORK 1996-08-23
900 A.D.), called by the Elves "Eriol", was blown off-course west from Ireland, eventually came upon the Straight Road and found Tol Eressëa the Lonely Isle. He brought back copies and translations of many works
SEATTLE AT BALTIMORE
After Gandalf ended Grímas control of Théoden and released the King, "many things which men had missed" were found locked in his trunk, including Herugrim, the blade of Théoden
On the peak of Taniquetil, Manwë and Varda had their halls of Ilmarin, from which they looked out across the World, and from those halls Manwë sent out his hawks and eagles to watch over Arda
PRAGUE 1996-08-26
SEOUL 1996-08-23
The council was meeting in Ramallah to discuss Israel 's new policy of Jewish settlement expansion and its uncompromising line on Jerusalem since Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu took office in June .
This is a decision of the leadership , " Garang said .
Honeggers fascination with J.R.R. Tolkien and his was stimulated by his own study of Germanic languages and Medieval literature at the University of Zurich in the 90s, long after he had first read "The Lord of the Rings" to little interest
Quake shakes Costa Rica during Hashimoto visit .
While incapacitated, the Harfoots led by Nori intervened, attacking the trio by throwing rocks
This name was adopted in Sindarin as "Drúedain": "Drû"+"Edain"
During the War of the Ring, Belfalas was raided by the Corsairs of Umbar, and therefore sent only 700 men to help defend Minas Tirith, until Aragorn liberated the coast with the Grey Company, freeing the people of Gondors southern fiefs to follow him north to relieve Minas Tirith
He finished the letter expressing that he couldnt produce The Hobbit sequel by September 1938 and he hope his motivation will come in 1939
A Hamburg court sentenced U.S. neo-Nazi leader Gary Lauck on Thursday to four years in prison for pumping banned extremist propaganda into Germany from his base in the United States .
Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
9. Footwork 1
It is our duty towards al-Aqsa to come and pray , " Jamil said .
According to Treebeard there are no Entings upon Middle-earth at the time of the Third Age, and there have not been any for quite some time
Inside the walls of Dale, Bilbo, Gandalf, Thranduil, Bard, and the Elves and men also hear the horn being sounded and know that Thorin has joined the fight
klingeltöne Official Homepage Germanya The Boffin (anglicization of Bophîn, name of unknown meaning in Hobbitish Westron) family were a prominent hobbit family of The Shire, associated with the region of the Yale in the Eastfarthing
Aside from this, the Balrog had been briefly seen in a book owned by Saruman, beforehand, as the latter taunted Gandalf telepathically of the choice of the Fellowship taking the route of Moria, implying that Saruman was aware that it had awoken and brought woe to the Dwarves there
Later in the Nírnaeth Arnoediad, Turgon led his army to the aid of his brother Fingon, and escaped the ensuing defeat with his army thanks to the sacrifice of Húrin and Huor
Galadriel and Elrond had the other two rings, Nenya and Vilya
Conversions : Culhane ( 3 ) .
But local police , controlled by nationalist parties in Moslem , Serb and Croat sectors of Bosnia , and civilian mobs have turned ceasefire lines into virtually impassable borders .
The last remnant of Bëors folk dwelt in the Highlands of Dorthonion after Morgoth conquered them, led by Barahir
Men and Dwarves seemed to prefer living in walled cities and towns or underground, and generally cut down trees for their metallurgical work, usually in moderation
The Watcher in the Water appears numerous times, and the dragon (summoned by the goblins and Isengard) occasionally appears
Del Toro felt the Wargs had to be changed because "the classical incarnation of the demonic wolf in Nordic mythology is not a hyena-shaped creature"
He came to the throne after his father (whose name is unknown) and became the seventeenth Lord of Andúnië
Seven athletes went into Friday 's penultimate meeting of the series with a chance of winning the prize and American men 's 400 metres hurdles champion Derrick Adkins kept his hopes alive in the competition by winning his event in 47.93 .
Casey Kasem voiced the character of Meriadoc in Rankin/Basss 1980 animated short of "The Return of the King"
Frodos sword breaks in the confrontation with the Nazgûl on the banks of the Bruinen river near Rivendell and is replaced by Sting
The fighting has threatened a U.S.-led peace plan to unite the mountainous Kurdish region in northern Iraq against President Saddam Hussein .
Arantar was the fifth High King of Arnor
Thiel has managed to get most of the Olympic 100 metres champions since 1948 to attend the meeting , which is being held in the stadium where Owens won four gold medals 60 years ago at the Berlin Olympics .
A new U.N. relief coordinator has arrived in Baghdad to take up the task of organising humanitarian goods distribution and to face Iraq 's continuing opposition over the number of international monitors to be involved .
In the Second Age, the Men of Númenor built a great city in the firth of Umbar, a vast natural harbor on the southern shores of the Bay of Belfalas, eventually turning the city into a fortified citadel from whose gates the Men of Númenor could levy great tributes upon many of the tribes of Harad
Gallagher made his usual obscene gestures and swore at journalists as he prepared to fly from London 's Heathrow airport to Chicago .
15. Moldova 8.24
The two brothers met Lúthien and Beren as they fled, and Curufin fought with Beren losing the knife Angrist in the struggle
Eradan, Farin and Andriel return and deal with the remaining forces of Agandaûr: Orcs, Uruk-hai, goblins, Trolls and Men of Carn Dum
Fifth-seed Iva Majoli of Croatia was picked off by Austrian Judith Wiesner and Wimbledon semifinalist Kimiko Date of Japan , the 10th seed , fell 6-2 7-5 to 53rd-ranked American Kimberly Po .
DUBLIN 1996-08-31
Following the Harfoots migration festival, she traveled with her family and the Stranger east across Rhovanion to the Grove
They have not lifted a European Trophy since 1991 when they beat Barcelona in the Cup Winners ' Cup final , and their one and only European Cup triumph was way back in 1968 , when they beat Benfica of Portugal 4-1 at Wembley .
Glóin is known primarily for being the father of Gimli, and accompanying him in Rivendell
The second wave was even worse than the first, and now many Orcs scaled the mountain from the opposite side, and began to attack the arrayed forces from above and behind, as the main wave pressed forward
After searching in the zone they found a crater with a small piece of glass stocked firmly to the ground
BALTIMORE 1996-08-22
The battle was long an if it wasn’t for Angmars commanders certainly they would not stood a chance but their commanders presence specially that of the two Nazgûl was enough to make even the wildest troll have the organization equal to that of the men of Arnor
A person walking on the shore at Island Beach State Park found the debris and alerted police who forwarded it to Long Island , New York , where the National Transportation Safety Board and the FBI are conducting an investigation .
The Sri Lankan foreign ministry said in a statement : " The United States government sympathised with the current predicament Sri Lanka was facing . "
CATANIA , Sicily 1996-08-29
A group of ten ogres charge the war chariots and managed to destroy them in the process, crushing the goats pulling the chariots and striking down the Dwarves with their clubs
Vera Haller
We believe in God . "
These two sharing a body both seek revenge and redemption
Nigeria police kill six robbery suspects .
" He ( Agassi ) should be seeded the way he is playing tennis right now , " said Stich about the unfairness of moving up Agassi , who made early exits from the French Open and Wimbledon .
He attempted to negotiate with the Valar for pardon but was again bound by Angainor, and his Iron Crown was made into a collar
The name of Aragorns father also passed through many transient forms: Tolkien intended Aramir or Celegorn to go in pair with Aragorn before settling upon Arathorn; Elfhelm and Eldakar with Elfstone and Eldamir; and Ingrim with Ingold
Buffett , who is well-known as a long-term investor , is chairman of Berkshire Hathaway Inc , a holding company through which he holds investments in several large U.S. companies .
LONDON 1996-08-31
Answer: Darkness A box without hinges, key or lid, Yet golden treasure inside is hid
9 - Cedric Pioline ( France ) beat Gregory Carraz ( France ) 7-6
Defending champion Scott Hoch shot a three-under 68 and was six strokes back .
It stabs Frodo, who is saved by his Mithril shirt (in the book it is an Uruk captain who spears him)
Algerian security forces said on Friday three women and two children were killed and five people wounded when a home-made bomb exploded at a market in the coastal town of Bou Haroun , 65 km ( 40 miles ) west of Algiers .
LONDON 1996-08-28
2. Derek Mills ( U.S. ) 44.78
1. Sergey Makarov ( Russia ) 85.26 metres
JERUSALEM 1996-08-27
LONDON 1996-08-28
The Council last met in TA 2953; at this meeting Saruman falsely claimed that the One Ring was swept out into the sea
A foreign ministry spokesman said in a statement read on Algerian television that Algeria " has received with concern the information over a meeting of terrorist groups working against the interests of the Arab and Islamic world . "
GLASGOW 1996-08-25
" Unified is one of the blue chips , which has more prospects than anybody else does , because they have ADRs supposedly coming up , " Mokhoff said .
According to the appendix of "The Silmarillion", the element "maeg" in Sindarin means sharp or piercing, and etymologies in "The Lost Road and Other Writings" give the meaning of the element "nass" as point, so "Maegnas" is literally translated as "sharp-point"
Following the Long Winter of TA 2758, the Dunlendings were besieged and starved into surrender by Fréaláf Hildeson
Unfortunately, they refuse to aid the Elves against Sauron, and instead returned to mine for more gems in their underground tunnels
Word eventually reached Smaug the dragon, one of the great Fire-drakes who now dwelt in the Grey Mountains, who in his lust for treasure desired to take the mountain
"Aaye" or "Aiya "- Quenya word for the verb Hail
- 1 John Cook through 5
Mushota was fired a month ago after a government tribunal found he tried to withdraw cash from state coffers without authority .
New Zealand beat South Africa 33-26 ( halftime 21-11 ) in the second test on Saturday .
-- Damien Lynch , Dublin Newsroom +353 1 6603377
On his subsequent travels, he took his grandson Anardil with him on a journey to Lindon in SA 725
TORONTO 1996-08-27
Bilbo goes out over the mound of treasure with a torch to scout the area
Today , and every day , the Brady Law is stopping an estimated 85 felons from buying a handgun , " Mrs. Brady said .
In TA 2941, a group of Wargs planned to meet the Goblins of the Goblin-Town and organize a raid on several nearby villages, to expel the Woodmen and capture some slaves
Thirty killed as floods plunge Lahore into chaos .
He later discussed with rebel chief-of-staff Aslan Maskhadov a framework political agreement to tackle the most painful issue of the 20-month war -- the future political status of Chechnya .
Quigley , a former medallist in the points event , led the race at half distance . "
The town-master mocked Tal-Elmar and his father and because he didnt spot the ships from the hill, hoping to endanger him, he sent Tal-Elmar as a scout, just like he did a year prior in the nearby town of Udul
Only a few survivors left Númenor successfully, and led by Elendil the Tall and his two sons Isildur and Anárion, their ships reached Middle-earths coast, and they were recognized and accepted as rulers by those who encountered their arrival
The name Lenwë is the Quenya form of the Sindarin "Denweg" ("leaving" or "departure")
Its construction, however, is not consistent with the rules of later versions of Quenya
In the book, Faramir refers the to creature as "Sméagol" instead of Gollum, and told his men to "treat him gently...but watch him""
Saruman refused to repent out of pride and to avoid seeming a rebel to Sauron, and thus Gandalf broke Sarumans staff and banished him from the Order of Wizards and the White Council
Thus, the Silmarils remained in all three realms of Arda — in the sky, beneath the earth, and within the sea
Ukraine hails peace as marks five-year independence .
He was a captain of men of Brethil, to whom Asgon and his men were brought after being captured by march-wardens
These badgers were sentient and capable of speech
The group , which operates in Hungary , Poland and the Czech Republic , reported an operating profit before interest of 21.8 million French francs compared to 34.1 million in the same six months of 1995 .
Wasim Akram c Knight b Hollioake 21
Iranian security forces burst into the home of a German cultural attache in Tehran a month ago and seized his guests for questioning , Bonn 's foreign ministry said on Saturday .
Though Kemen partly sabotages the mission, burning two of the five ships allotted to go, Elendil leads the new troops in departing Númenor ten days after Míriels announcement
R. Irani not out 45
Eärnil died in TA 2043 after a rule of ninety-eight years and was succeeded by his son Eärnur, who was as good a general as his father but lacked his wisdom, and who would be the last King before Aragorn reclaimed his throne after a long gap
Canada had recently donated $ 30 million to the centre , called the Burj al-Laqlaq Society .
Tripoli-based diplomats and exiled opponents said Gaddafi 's airforce blasted in July rebel strongholds in the mountainous Jebel al-Akhdar region .
Mallor was one of Arathorns loyal men and a stalwart Dúnedain ranger
India has acquired 120,000 tonnes of diesel in three cargoes , bound for the west coast , in its October tender .
NEW YORK 1996-08-28
One, a catapult can be attached to the top, so it can shoot the brick farther
Stenning threw a brick through the window of a van in February after an argument with a driver when he was working as a motorcycle dispatch rider .
They often travelled to the shores of Middle-earth, teaching the men their art and craft, and introduced farming so as to improve their everyday lives
Long absent from it, Mordirith returns to Carn Dûm shortly before War of the Ring, launching attacks against the Free Peoples of Eriador
33,230 .
He was compelled by Elrond to wield Anduril - the reforged Narsil - and recruit the help of the Men of the Mountains (cursed to endure as undead for their lack of fidelity to Isildur), intercepting the corsairs shortly after they sailed past and assailed Pelargir
He also said Franny Weld 's best friend , Tracy Roosevelt , might have something to do with her politics .
The draw made on Friday pitted Juventus , who beat Dutch champions Ajax Amsterdam 4-2 on penalties in last year 's final , against Alex Ferguson 's European hopefuls in group C .
"The Hobbit" has been translated into many languages
Greek President Costis Stephnopoulos signed a decree on Thursday ordering the dissolution of the 300-seat parliament ahead of snap elections on September 22 .
7. Jon Drummond ( U.S. ) 10.16
4. Kenny Harrison ( U.S. ) 16.97
Shields provide means of active block (as opposed to passive protection such as coats of armour, helmets etc.); shields are very much weapons themselves and are (and were historically) used as such
By taking the form of a flying creature (like vampires, bats, birds, etc.) the Ainur could fly
Later they outrun a pack of Gundabad Wargs
Seeing that he was not going to get what he wanted, Fëanor waited beyond the walls until he gathered his strength and then in defiance of Olwë he and his people began manning the ships
Karin Kschwendt ( Austria ) beat Sandra
CARACAS 1996-08-29
The forest was inhabited by a strange folk of Men known as the Drúedain or Wild Men of the Woods. According to the "The Atlas of Middle-earth", the forest was over forty miles in total length
" I feared he would flee from work or steal my belongings , " the Kathmandu Post newspaper quoted Munakarmi as saying after his arrest .
When Aragorn is being stepped on by a troll the One Ring is destroyed and the forces of Mordor were almost completely destroyed, with only a few hundred fleeing
Even the Men of Umbar and Harad, who had been attacking the fords at Linhir above the mouth of the river Gilrain, stopped fighting and ran off in terror
Thingol was desperate not to let Beren marry his daughter, and set an impossible task as the : Beren had to bring to Thingol one of the Silmarils from Morgoths Iron Crown
FRANKFURT 1996-08-22
The name "Fingolfin" is the Sindarin form of his name
Trading Pipe-weed with Saruman for money, he began buying land in the Southfarthing, where Men from Isengard were stationed
8-0-33-0 , Tendulkar 6-0-29-1 , Kapoor 10-2-51-0 , Jadeja
Afterwards, Aragorn charges the Steward and the Rangers of Ithilien with cleansing the evil of Minas Morgul and the Morgul Vale
Glamhoth was a Sindarin word for the Orcs that meant din-horde
Phan 's accidental journey started last week in Prince Rupert , British Columbia , where he was searching for a fishing job , Jewell said .
ARANYAPRATHET , Thailand 1996-08-28
Madhusudan Munakarmi was arrested on Thursday after his neighbours informed police about the plight of 12-year old Dhiraj K.C. , who told police his employer used to tie him up with iron chains and locks concealed under his clothes .
But Chernomyrdin took pains at the weekend to insist Lebed was playing for a united team and that the proposals he took to rebel chief-of-staff Aslan Maskhadov had been agreed by Yeltsin .
The ferry , which was towed into port , had been bound for Jersey , another in a cluster of small British-ruled islands off north-west France .
Under Newcombe 's leadership , Australia were relegated from the elite world group last year , the first time the 26-time Davis Cup winners had slipped from the top rank .
The Sleep of Yavanna refers to the period in Middle-earths history between the Spring of Arda and the rising of Moon and Sun, during which almost all living things slept and Middle-earth was lit only by starlight
London FTSE-100 index -- 3,907.5 ( Aug 23/96 )
Alcan aluminum , U.S. Midwest ( effective date : August 1 , 1996 )
Much of this information was later included in the "Red Book of Westmarch"
Martin overcame Cedric Pioline of France 2-6 6-2 6-4 and O'Brien beat Mikael Tillstrom of Sweden 6-3 2-6 6-3 .
" The Constitutional Rights Project ( CRP ) believes that William Istafanus , Elisha Shamay , O.K. Likkason and Jerome Egurugbe were arrested because of their role in the ongoing ASUU ( Academic Staff Union of Universities ) strike , " the group said in a statement .
Men of Far Harad are also described as being black skinned
In a small incident along the way, the One Ring was lost by Gollum and wound up in Bilbos hands
In the game "", Narvi is mentioned as being the creator, or the one who commissioned, Celebrimbors bow, Azkâr
4. Mary Onyali ( Nigeria ) 11.14
CRICKET - PAKISTAN DECLARE FIRST INNINGS AT 521-8 .
The Haladin came to Brethil from the lands of Caranthir by way of Estolad
Bilbo takes off the Ring before he leaves, taking a gold cup with him, and Smaug breathes fire at him
1. Joseph Keter ( Kenya ) 8 minutes 10.02 seconds
The Languages of Tolkiens Middle-earth is a reference and explanatory book written by Ruth S
Mindolluin is Sindarin for "towering blue head"; the double "l", as with all double letters in the Sindarin language, was pronounced as two separate letters rather than just one
Nandorin is the language originally spoken by the Nandor
The Solosimpi are angered, and swords are drawn, and this elicits the first bloodshed between Eldar and Eldar
In San Francisco , Pedro Martinez allowed two hits in eight innings and David Segui drove in two runs as the Montreal Expos shut out the San Francisco Giants 3-0 for their third straight win .
These ruffians had been keeping a watch on Tookland
Granma called " Sleeping Bread " Puig 's " greatest gift to the modern novel in our America . "
Ezellohar was a Quenya word that meant "the green mound." Other names
Two dead in Cambodia helicopter crash .
Euro 96 absentee Nicolas Ouedec and Youri Djorkaeff scored the goals as 1998 World Cup hosts France beat Mexico 2-0 in a friendly international on Saturday .
Sure enough, Narya the ring of fire reveals itself on Gandalfs finger
" He 's always complaining too much , " said Rios . "
The name "Théoden" is taken from the Anglo-Saxon word "þeoden", meaning "lord"
At Chester-le-Street : Glamorgan 73-3 v Durham .
1. Ludmila Ninova ( Austria ) 6.72 metres
From Ancient Telerin descended Falmarin, Sindarin, and Nandorin, while Quenya was divided into two dialects: Vanyarin and Ñoldorin
Mark Roe , Retief Goosen ( South Africa ) , Carl Suneson
-- Seaford Union Free School District , N.Y. , $ 5 million school bonds .
For example he started to create and then abandoned "Mágol" (or "Mágo"), based on and conceived it as Mannish and then Orkish language
St. Louis-based Mercantile Bancorp Inc. , a bank holding company with $ 18.04 billion in assets , was seen by many analysts as the most attractive Missouri franchise in size after Boatmen 's .
Its equivalent in Early Quenya was "Rása"
7. Julie Baumann ( Switzerland ) 13.36
67 67 , Francisco Cea ( Spain ) 68 66
Sauron then initiates a massive assault on Gondor, causing severe destruction to Minas Tirith until the arrival of the Rohirrim and the Army of the Dead
These marshes strongly resembled the Gladden Fields on the other side of Misty Mountains, and so many Stoors felt right at home here after their migration into Eriador
A senior Belarus politician accused President Alexander Lukashenko on Friday of attempting to set up a dictatorship in the former Soviet republic .
2. Jacques Villeneuve ( Canada ) Williams 5.602 seconds
In the meantime, Thorin and company had reclaimed the Lonely Mountain, though Bilbo, having found the Arkenstone that Thorin greatly desired, kept it secret from the Dwarf
Ijaz Ahmed c Stewart b Mullally 61
Because the Sun, Moon, Stars, and other objects orbited the planet in the cosmology of Middle-earth, they were considered part of Arda, such that Arda is considered by Fonstad the Solar System of Middle-earth
( N. Speak 65 not out , N. Fairbrother 55 ) .
Both churches were in the Mississippi delta region of Arkansas , about 90 miles ( 145 kms ) southeast of Little Rock , and were located within three miles of one another .
The Blacklocks were one of the seven houses of the Dwarves that dwelt in the mountains of the east
Australia at South Africa
However, they kept some features of their original tongue and for this reason the variant of Westron spoken by Hobbits was called Hobbitish
NEW DELHI 1996-08-25
Stephanie had two children with Ducruet before their marriage in July last year .
Túrin will run his black sword Gurthang (Iron of Death) through Melkors heart, thus avenging the Children of Húrin (Sindarin: "Hîn Húrin") and all the fallen (In the end of "The Hiding of Valinor" Eönwë, and not Turin, kills Morgoth)
Aluminum alloy ( A380 grade ) , Midwest
But Basuki , her long black ponytail flying as she raced for shots , held her serve and twice had set point on Graf 's serve at 6-5 before the German unleashed a forehand pass to force the tie-break .
After the story text, Christopher Tolkien lists and explains the changes his father made to names, plot-points, and other themes in the tale
Faramir cried, "Behold the King!", and King Elessar entered his city to the ringing of trumpets and the unfurling of the royal banner from the topmost tower
His third and final ability allows him to summon hill-men upon command, and while it is gained at level 5, it summons a larger amount of units the higher Hwaldars level is
Despite a mood of compromise in the region after some of the worst fighting of the war , Lebed may be just finding out that concluding a long-term settlement , somewhere between rebel demands for independence and Moscow 's insistence that Chechnya remain part of Russia , will be no easy matter .
During Bilbos disappearance, Lobelia and Otho claimed the smial; when Bilbo returned from his adventure with Thorin and Company, Lobelia and Otho were in the midst of auctioning off the contents of Bag End with the firm of Grubb, Grubb and Burrowes
1. Oksana Ovchinnikova ( Russia ) 58.94 metres
Results of second round matches on Thursday in the U.S. Open Tennis Championships at the National Tennis Centre ( prefix number denotes seeding ) :
- Istanbul chamber of commerce urges Ankara to resume trade with Iraq .
Ulfang was among the "Swarthy Men" who had come out of the East into Beleriand
Despite both Glamdring and Orcrist being elvish blades of similar make, Sting is the only blade shown to glow blue in the "The Hobbit" and "Lord of the Rings" films
Paramount Pictures is going ahead with a sequel to the Tom Cruise blockbuster , " Mission : Impossible " and hopes to release it in the summer of 1998 , Daily Variety reported in its Friday edition .
Bilbo and the travelers had stopped for the night when goblins and a pack of Wargs found them near a patch of pine trees
But Yalcin , who had come on just four minutes earlier , turned from hero to villain barely two minutes after his strike when he was sent off after spitting at an opponent and arguing with English referee David Elleray .
6. Eleonora Berlanda ( Italy ) 2:43.44
He becomes enraged when the doors into the city wont budge, ordering Grond to be brought forth to smash it down
Mountain-trolls and Cave-trolls usually flail when dying in "Battle for Middle-earth"
U.S. Open tennis championships beginning Monday at the U.S .
According to works of J.R.R. Tolkien (given in "The War of the Jewels") that concern earlier times, miruvor was in fact the cordial of the Valar, though named "Miruvórë"
The agency also reported Canada 's real gross domestic product rose a weaker-than-expected 0.3 percent in the second quarter or 1.3 percent at an annualized rate .
Milan - Dejan Savicevic ( 21st )
Harry Goatleaf and Bill Ferny sided with a group of brigands from the south, and participated in trouble that caused the death of five Men of Bree
Stevanin , arrested in 1994 and jailed for three years for assaulting an Austrian prostitute , is accused of murdering five women , three of whose bodies were found near his villa outside Verona between July and December 1995 .
Obilic 2 Zeleznik ( B ) 0
PARIS 1996-08-24
SOCCER - FIORENTINA WIN WITH BATISTUTA DOUBLE .
We often see people dressed in military-style clothing here , " he said .
He was already in league with Smaug and intended to use him against the realms of the North while using Erebor to secure his reclaiming of the lands of Angmar
Beren took the Nauglamír to Lúthien, who wore it, enriching their home on Tol Galen
" Our concern is to get out there and play proper cricket , " Sri Lanka captain Arjuna Ranatunga told a news conference on the eve of a warmup match between the World Cup champions and a World XI team scheduled for Saturday .
Fear that a new Treasury secretary might favour a return to Bentsen-era policy could spell trouble for financial markets .
Several people were also wounded , it said .
The forefather of the House of Finwë and the first King of the Ñoldor was Finwë, the first lord of the Tatyar who led his people in the Great Journey from Cuiviénen into the West to dwell in Valinor
The Huorns then gathered all the Orc carcasses and buried them in the Death Down
Frodo fainted soon afterwards, but took off the Ring before losing consciousness completely
Left-back Hinchcliffe , 27 , replaces Tottenham 's Darren Anderton who has a recurring groin problem .
So far, the band has produced eight studio albums, four live albums and videos, and two demos and promos
- Prime minister names former general Avraham Tamir to staff after failing to establish national security council .
" These are powerful weapons , " a spokesman with the Municipal Police told Reuters by telephone , adding that police had not ruled out a possible terrorist attack on the ornate Casa de Narino presidential palace in Bogota 's historic downtown area .
Danielle Murray from Sandusky , Ohio , the same age as her new penfriend , asked for a reply from whoever received the message she flung on its journey months ago on the other side of the Atlantic Ocean .
Prime Minister Costas Simitis criticized Evert today for unleashing a seven-point economic package that offers tax relief to merchants and other professionals , higher pensions to farmers and support for small business .
But the spokesman said subsequent tests in Cologne proved his body produced higher-than-average testosterone levels naturally .
TENNIS - SELES HAS WALKOVER TO U.S. OPEN THIRD ROUND .
The name Araval may mean "Powerful King", from the Sindarin words "ar(a)" ("king, noble, royal") and "bal" or "balch" ("have power")
The other Sindarin root is "lad", which means a plain or a valley
However, Bilbo put on the Ring and used it to follow Gollum to the exit of the cave
Mrs Yeltsin would be released from hospital in a few days .
- King : Jordan is entering a new era .
3. Gert Jan Van Doorn ( Netherlands ) Honda
Smicer pushed the ball home in injury time to lead his team to a 3-2 victory over Montpellier , who were leading 2-1 until Cameroon 's Marc-Vivien Foe equalised on a header in the 85th minute .
Maria Jose Gaidano ( Argentina ) beat Melanie Schnell ( Austria ) 6-4 6-0
Southern California Edison Co said it expected two 220 kilovolt ( KV ) power lines in southern California to resume service later today after being shut late Wednesday because of a wildfire raging north of Los Angeles .
At Colchester : Gloucestershire 280 and 27-4 .
12 - Todd Martin ( U.S. ) beat Younes El Aynaoui ( Morocco ) 6-3 6-2 4-6 6-4
Sauron and Azogs army (and a second army led out of Gundabad by Bolg), however, was already en route to the Lonely Mountain and attacked the armies of Elves, Men and Dwarves which were marshaled there for the Siege of Erebor
6. Phylis Smith ( Britain ) 52.05
Galeforce winds and heavy rains batter Belgium .
On the side of the Shadow, one player controls Mordor, Dol Guldur, Moria, and Mount Gundabad, while the other player commands Saurons allies: Isengard (including Dunland) and the Southrons and Easterlings (including also Umbar and Khand). "War of the Ring" features assymetric play, with the two sides having very different goals and means to achieving them
LITTLE ROCK , Ark .
He fled the charging Rohirrim and went with Murgash and a band of Orcs to the docks to mock the late-arriving Corsairs aboard their ships
Longyear is a town in mourning , a close-knit community that has been shattered .
He warmly welcomes Gandalf and Thorin into Rivendell and identifies their respective swords, Glamdring, Orcrist and the morgul-blade
A. Mullally b Wasim Akram 0
Botafogo striker Tulio , who was overlooked by Zagalo for the tour which also features a game away to the Netherlands on Sunday , scored his third goal in three games as the defending champions beat Bahia 2-1 away .
"Borgil" was Sindarin for steadfast star
In the weeks afterwards, streams of refugees begin pouring into the Iron Hills and the Dale-lands, despite those places having waged a war against the Easterlings not a full month before
TEXAS 74 55 .574 -
Sweden ) 70 75 71 72
This was the longest of the battles and reduced the Witch-kings army by a considerable amount, with all of the Dire wolves dead and just one set of Snow-trolls left
I dont know if Alicia is working out .
Scores : England 326 ; Pakistan 521-8 .
"The Hobbitons" released a CD in 1996 with song versions of poems from "The Hobbit" and "The Adventures of Tom Bombadil"
Nepal shares a long mountain border with the restive Himalayan region , where opposition to Beijing 's four-decade rule is widespread .
But Atletico struck back almost immediately through new signing Juan Eduardo Esnaider and then Serbian set-piece specialist Pantic made it 3-1 with a superb free-kick in the 75th minute .
Dutroux said they starved to death nine months later .
Patrick Rafter ( Australia ) vs. Kenneth Carlsen ( Denmark )
In such a case the "fëa" might have to wait very long or might never be allowed to leave Mandos
40. Cyprus 7.83
Chernomyrdin said on Thursday after a meeting with Lebed and top officials , who discussed Lebed 's plans to restore peace in Chechnya , that it needed more work .
" The film spares neither the Irish nor the British in its depiction of the savagery of the time , " Jordan said in a statement released by Warner Bros . "
Colo .
The names origin is untold, but it possibly combines the Sindarin words "blador", meaning "wide plain", and "thin", meaning "grey"
It appears during Gandalf and Pippins conversation as the Orc army attempts to break down the gate of the next level of Minas Tirith
3. Sven Teutenberg ( Germany ) U.S. Postal
Before the trio head out for Mirkwood, Gorin offers them gifts from his steward Galar
Banisadr angered Tehran last week by accusing top Iranian leaders of ordering the assassination of Iranian Kurdish leaders in a Berlin restaurant in 1992 .
Estonia presidential race next round on Sept 20 .
SOFIA 1996-08-28
9. Eddie Irvine ( Britain ) Ferrari 1:53.043
Pakistan
41. Armenia 7.80
This was so their army could make a surprise attack on the dwarves
At Leicester : Leicestershire 343-8 ( P. Simmons 108 , P. Nixon
With it gone the Witch-king was able to take and ravage Cardolan, as well as consolidate his new conquests in Rhudaur, which his Hill-men allies and subjects had taken, as well as launch attacks against the whole of Arthedain
" The current account deficit of around two percent of GDP is a sustainable level of deficit given the expected real growth rate and the trends in imports and exports , " Rangarajan said in an address to business leaders in New Delhi .
Sergi Bruguera ( Spain ) beat Kris Goossens ( Belgium ) 6-2 6-0 7-6 ( 7-1 )
Sindarin) or Ñoldorin name Gar Lossion (Place of Flowers)
Sting was like Glamdring and Orcrist in that "being the work of Elvish smiths in the Elder Days these swords shone with a cold light, if any Orcs were near at hand." But only Sting was definitively described as glowing blue, or glittering with blue flame at its edges
A. Flower lbw b Flemming 0
Brazilian authorities on Wednesday arrested a 47-year-old Italian man wanted in Italy for ties to the leftist Red Brigade guerrilla group of the 1970s , local television said .
- Tunisia 's exports of spare parts amounted to 220 million dinars in 1995 .
Judith Wiesner ( Austria ) beat 5 - Iva Majoli ( Croatia ) 2-6 6-3 6- 1
Romania - Cosmin Contra ( 31st ) , Mihai Tararache ( 75th )
Quenya is, like many , a , which means that the subject of a transitive verb is marked the same as the subject of an intransitive verb
In the First Age, the Laer Cú Beleg was the lament composed by Túrin Turambar in remembrance of his friend Beleg Cúthalion, who had died by his hands
He has the same general appearance as most Orcs in the film, and wields a spiked mace
Merry was often considered the most perceptive and intelligent of the hobbits, for example, knowing of the One Ring and its power even before Frodo Baggins left the Shire
When they first heard that Liam had not flown out with the band at the start of the tour , many U.S. fans asked for refunds on their concert tickets .
Fimbul later becomes Azogs right hand and second-in-command after Yazneg is fed to the Wargs by Azog for his failures
DHAKA 1996-08-31
Húrin and his band of outlaws come to the hoard kill the other dwarven guards, and all slay Mîm, and take the hoard. This changes the story from one person to many taking the gold (though he left out this group in some later revisions at the time). The curse goes on to lead to the deaths of several factions before finally being lost. Only hint of Mîms character comes from the fact that he enchanted the gold (but it doesnt specifically show him to be evil), but his race is however shown to be evil when they plot against Thingol (but this is modified in later revisions and stories the Dwarves tend to lean more to sociably neutral but not evil, with the evil ones being categorized under Petty-dwarves)
The name Siriondil probably meant River-lover or River-friend in Quenya
7. Vaclavas Kidikas ( Lithuania ) 60.92
It was said that he was also reckless, often riding against the enemy with few men
Estelmo was recovered alive, but stunned from a clubs blow, and he told of how Isildur and Elendur had related to each other about the One Ring before their deaths
When becoming a novel in form, it was designed as a single and continuous narrative, not necessarily a source covering every account of the narrative (or alternate version of the tale)
Following the creation of a new ring of power by the Ranger Talion and the wraith of Celebrimbor, Talion traveled to Minas Ithil in an attempt to break the Witch-kings siege of the city, though Shelob had taken the new ring from him by force
West Indian all-rounder Phil Simmons took four for 38 on Friday as Leicestershire beat Somerset by an innings and 39 runs in two days to take over at the head of the county championship .
Iran has an estimated one million drug addicts and is a key transit route for drugs , mostly opium , smuggled to Europe through Afghanistan and Pakistan -- the so called " Golden Crescent . "
Albania charges Briton with child sex abuse .
In TA 1944, the Wainriders invaded Gondor from the east while their allies, the Haradrim, invaded Gondor from the south
Two younger brothers found him hanging from a tree early Monday morning .
Revered skull of S. Africa king is Scottish woman 's .
The Exiles were split into two groups during the Kinslaying at Alqualondë; Fëanor and his sons and followers took the ships they had acquired from the Teleri, leaving Fingolfins followers behind
Some 25,000 Palestinian labourers are likely to stay away from their jobs , mainly in construction , in Israel .
The PUK said the ceasefire was agreed after talks between U.S. Assistant Secretary for Near East Affairs Robert Pelletreau and PUK leader Jalal Talabani .
German troops to remain in Bosnia for 1997--Ruehe .
Like most of the ships in the fleet, many strong slaves would man its oars when the wind was not in their favor
Dwalin would then take his place as Steward of Thorins Halls and his Longbeards would recover the entire region from the Dourhands
STANSTED , England 1996-08-27
Using Isengard as their base, the Dunlendings continued to raid Rohan during the reign of Déors son Gram, until during the rule of Grams son Helm Hammerhand a Dunlending lord, Freca and his son Wulf nearly managed to destroy the Rohirrim
Aside from Legolas, he is best known for the role of Will Turner in the "Pirates of the Caribbean" films
Finnish morphology (particularly its rich system of ) in part gave rise to Quenya
During a celebration of Ulbars return, Aldarion came to the house desiring rest during which time he spoke to Ulbars son Îbal about seafaring and gave a red jewel on a band of gold to his wife, as a reward for Ulbars six years of service to him
3. Derek Mills ( U.S. ) 45.48
It is also played in an extended scene from the films Extended edition, when Bilbo wakes up and sees the portrait of Bullroarer Took
India scored 226 for five wickets in their 50 overs against Sri Lanka in the second day-night limited overs match of the Singer World Series tournament on Wednesday .
However, the "lhang "was to reach its apex and earn its spurs fully in the monolithic battles that characterized much of the Second Age
Saeros was son of Ithilbor, a Nandorin Elf of Arthórien
The army additionally had many hundreds of pikemen and a smaller count of deadly crossbowmen
1. Svetlana Samokhalova ( Russia ) 28 points ( in 32
Tauriel and Legolas witness the army of Gundabad Orcs emerging from the mountain, and they rush to warn the armies at Dale. The War of the Dwarves and Orcs was a great war fought between the two races from TA 2793–2799, mostly taking place in and around the Misty Mountains
SHANGHAI 1996-08-24
Alberto Berasategui ( Spain ) beat Cecil Mamiit ( U.S. ) 6-1 6-4 6-0
Though the origin of the name Herion are untold, it is possible his name originated from the Quenya words "hér" or "heru" ("lord") and "ion" ("son"), a masculine suffix
Before it lay a black stone inscribed with the Quenya phrase "lambe, amdo, lambe"
LONDON 1996-08-28
Scottish league standings after
Figures released two weeks ago from Japan 's seven largest mills already showed that Japan 's can sheet output reached its highest monthly level ever in July , reflecting above-average temperatures that sparked a jump in beer consumption .
SEOUL 1996-08-25
Several independent languages were drafted as well, for example the Khuzdul language of the Dwarves
He cries out that Denethor has foreseen the doom of Men at the hand of the Orcs, but Gandalf decries that Denethor has done nothing in response to his foresight
An estimated 50,000 people have died in Algeria 's violence pitting Moslem rebels against government forces since early 1992 when the authorities cancelled a general election in which radical Islamists had taken a commanding lead .
After the destruction of the One Ring Elrond communicated mentally with Galadriel and Gandalf on their return journey from Minas Tirith
The Syrians are confused , they are definitely tense , but the general assessment here in Washington is that this is essentially a storm in a teacup , " he said .
Perot won his party 's official nomination as its presidential candidate in a secret ballot earlier this month .
(Isildur was the last high king of Gondor and Arnor, after which the two kingdoms divided and would both eventually be left kingless until Aragorn took the throne.) Also in the film, the dead army does not go to the Stone of Erech but instead Aragorn confronts them in front of what appears to be the city of the dead men
The Masters rule in Lake-town was rather amicable, and therefore under his dominion the Men of the Long Lake traded peaceably with the Elves of Mirkwood, creating a steady trade that was kept until 2941, when Thorin and his company came to wrest dominion of the Lonely Mountain and its riches from Smaug
Daniel Vacek ( Czech Republic ) beat 13 - Jason Stoltenberg
In Baltimore , Cal Ripken had four hits and snapped a fifth-inning tie with a solo homer and Bobby Bonilla added a three-run shot in the seventh to power the surging Orioles to a 10-5 victory over the Seattle Mariners .
Many Haradrim fought with Saurons forces against Gondor in that War
Postmaster was the title of the head of the Messenger Service of the Shire
The Russians , who said they overpowered the guards -- two armed with Kalashnikov automatic rifles -- while doing regular maintenance work on their Ilyushin 76 cargo plane last Friday , left the UAE capital Abu Dhabi for home on Sunday .
UK meals / feeds follow Chicago higher , trade slow .
The ettens give the name to the Ettenmoors and the Ettendales, a region
The name Eärnil is a Quenya word meaning Sea-lover
During battle they were given a variety of crude orc-like weapons including spiked wooden clubs and steel maces, as well as scythed blades that would be strapped to their arms
Anson Roper was a Hobbit of the Shire
Orgaladhad is a Sindarin word that meant Day of the Two Trees or Trees Day
Aravir was the fourth Chieftain of the Dúnedain
Dwarves and Men fought a pitched battle against the invaders, in which Dáin and Brand, the King of Dale, were killed
6. Dugmore 152
Araphor means "Royal Fist", from the Sindarin words "ar(a)" ("noble, high, royal) and "paur" ("fist, closed hand")
The constitutional monarch , who last visited China in 1993 , was scheduled to meet Chinese President Jiang Zemin and Premier Li Peng during his visit , they said .
"Ëalar" is the collective name of this creatures in Quenya
Thus Théoden and the army of Rohan passed through Upbourn during the War of the Ring, at the beginning of the journey that would lead them east to the Battle of the Pelennor Fields
Braga defender Idalecio gave his team their equaliser seven minutes from the final whistle with a header into the back of the net .
Traders in Asia said CNIEC could well have lent it to the market at around US$ 2,700 a tonne , and then paid somewhere between $ 2,200 and $ 2,400 a tonne when it started taking the metal back earlier this year .
-- Stockholm newsroom , +46-8-700 1006
Kuperman added that options other than postponement were also on the table , but she refused to specify what they were .
It turns out, the volcano is mount Doom and the desolated Southlands are now renamed Mordor
Squad : Hansie Cronje ( captain ) , Craig Matthews ( vice-captain ) , Dave Richardson , Brian McMillan , Gary Kirsten , Andrew Hudson , Pat Symcox , Jonty Rhodes , Allan Donald , Fanie de Villiers , Daryll Cullinan , Derek Crookes , Herschelle Gibs , Nicky Boje .
2 - Rodney Eyles ( Australia ) beat Derek Ryan ( Ireland ) 15-6 15-9 11-15 15-10 .
During the War of the Ring, the Easterlings crossed the border and moved to attack the city
They decide to go and assail Melko’s castle together, and to bind him in Aulës great chains of tilkal (which are named "Angaino", later "Angainor")
Midfielder Marco Giampaolo made it 3-0 in the 38th minute and Parma 's Alessandro Melli pulled back a late goal six minutes from time .
Inzamam-ul-Haq c Hussain b Mullally 35
Archaeologists in Egypt have found pots used by ancient Egyptians in burial rites that they say may reveal the secrets of mummification .
The traditionally hostile Easterlings could have threatened the province but did not attack probably because they were hit hard by the Plague as well
He goes with the others to hunt Frodo and the One Ring and pursues Frodo from the Shire to Bree
With his dying words Mîm cursed the treasure
During the Dagor Bragollach, they were defeated; Maglor fled to Himring, along with most of the survivors of the battle
As in the novel, Orcrist is shown in the extended edition of the film to be buried with Thorin
2 - Monica Seles ( U.S. ) beat Dally Randriantefy ( Madagascar )
LOME 1996-08-25
+2 Duffy Waldorf through 4
Hirgon however, is still willing to trust and work with Talion, already holding himself in Talions debt for his help in rescuing Eryn
Quellë was the Quenya name for the season in the Calendar of Imladris corresponding to a period between autumn and winter, known as "fading" or "lasse-lanta" ("leaf-fall")
Thus, when the War of Palisor between the Elves and the army of Melko, formed by Goblins and Nauglath, broke out, only the folk of Ermon remained faithful to the Elves
Mother Teresa 's condition improved on Sunday as her fever abated , and on Monday she was able to scribble notes to doctors and nuns .
Dole , down by around 20 points in early August in ABC polls , had closed to within four percentage points immediately after the Republican convention in San Diego earlier in August .
Best known for appearances in " Ice Cold in Alex " , " Lawrence of Arabia " and , as Cardinal Wolsey , in " Anne of a Thousand Days " .
3/4 - Marlene Thomsen / Lisbet Stuer-Lauridsen ( Denmark ) beat
The name Artamir comes from Quenya and means "noble jewel"
It was said that their deaths were greatly mourned by the Eldar
The public has n't been getting the message . "
Here, close to the center of the Shire, Sam Gamgee tossed what remained of the dirt from Galadriels garden into the air to help repair the damage Sharkey and his men had done
Bilbo and the Dwarves navigate through the Lonely Mountain while Smaug is away
Christopher Guard (born December 5, 1953 in London) is an English actor who in 1978 provided the voice of Frodo Baggins in Ralph Bakshis animated film "The Lord of the Rings"
As he dies, he asks for his masters help, though at the same moment, Frodo Baggins has destroyed the One Ring
In Tokyo , the key 225-share Nikkei average shed 156.65 points , or 0.76 percent , to end at 20,553.16 .
The Ancient Marsh-dweller is a creature enemy created by Fantasy Flight games for the ""
After the first group of Ruffian men was subdued, he hosted Frodo, Sam and the "Gaffer" updating the travellers about the troubles before the four hobbits return
Rating : Aa2 / VMIG 1
The Rohirrim largely defeat the Orcs only to face a greater challenge in Harads Mûmakil
Porto was born to Posco Baggins and Gilly Brownlock Baggins
Angerthas Daeron was Sindarin for Daerons Runes
Before the Nírnaeth Arnoediad, the army of Dor-lómin was between 12,000 and 15,000
The battle was won by this kings much larger host, despite that their opponents, called the "Fell Folk of the East", had better weapons
AKRON , Ohio 1996-08-23
Thus, from the Adûnaic spoken in the Kings Mens colony of Umbar, that was influenced by the Haradrim languages, descended the so-called Black Adûnaic
Fernando Meligeni ( Brazil ) vs. 7 - Yevgeny Kafelnikov ( Russia )
He and his youngest brother Grór resolved to divide their folk: Thrór led a small portion of Durins Folk to recolonize Erebor, taking the Arkenstone with him
1. Alex Zanardi ( Italy ) , Reynard Honda , 53.980 ( 113.576
In a later expansions of the game, Drogoth the Dragon Lord was featured in "", serving as a commander of goblin forces
CHICAGO 71 64 .526 10
Returning to Armenelos, Galadriel is granted an audience with Míriel, and requests an army to counter Sauron in the Southlands
From TA 861, Eryn Vorn nominally formed a part of Cardolan (Arnor), but was never really under the control of the king
It was the second time Brunswijk had been charged with attempted murder in less than two years .
Ecuador president to lunch with ethnic Indians .
He is known as an expert in the tales of King Arthur, and in 2008 became the director of the Centre de limaginaire arthurien (Center of Arthurian Imagination) based in Rennes, France
The light that shone on it, and what it was exposed to caused it to vary in color
He here is portrayed as the father of Durin IV; a more traditionally-minded Dwarf in contrast to his son, who is willing to seek alliances with other peoples
Gandalf strikes down a few Orcs with his staff and uses his sword Glamdring to cut down several others, while Bilbo slashes at the legs of a few Orcs with his sword Sting
7. Tom Nyariki ( Kenya ) 13:20.12
CARLSBAD , Calif. 1996-08-24
Nyerere arrived in Rome this week on a private visit and held talks with the U.S. special envoy to Burundi , Howard Wolpe , and the Sant ' Egidio Community , an Italian Roman Catholic organisation which has been monitoring Burundi closely .
The section ends with the Elves calling them by the names of "Túrin Turambar Dagnir Glaurunga" (as the slayer of the dragon Glaurung) and "Niënor Níniel"
Gujral said India would re-examine its position if the treaty , particularly a clause providing for its entry into force , was modified .
Kent will also need to keep their nerve against struggling Nottinghamshire who will enter the final day 137 ahead with four wickets left in a relatively low-scoring match at Tunbridge Wells .
After meeting Milosevic , Kornblum flew to the Croatian capital Zagreb .
" We just now signed a statement and attached the basic principles of relations between the Russian Federation and the Chechen Republic , " Lebed told reporters after he and Maskhadov signed a package of documents .
At Dunharrow, Legolas and Gimli notice that the men and horses are uneasy under the shadow of the mountain
Duilwen meant Fresh river in Sindarin
The original inhabitants of Minhiriath (Minhiriathrim) were descended from the same Men as the ancestors of the Númenóreans, but because they spoke mutually unintelligible languages, the Númenóreans did not class the Minhiriathrim as Middle Men
Meanwhile, Sauron used Saruman as a puppet to attack the people of Rohan, while Sauron himself mustered Easterlings and Southrons (some of which were intercepted in Ithilien by Faramir, brother of Boromir) in preparations to launch an assault upon Gondor
A spokesman for public prosecutors in the southern city , where dictator Adolf Hitler held some of his most infamous Nazi party rallies in the 1930s , said there were no plans to prosecute the officers as the gestures had not been made in public .
Hillary Rodham Clinton saw her husband and daughter off on the trip in Huntington , West Virginia and then went on to Chicago to begin a rigorous Democratic Convention schedule .
She was the only child of General Castamir, the citys leader
Be that as it may, he got the Carmelite files from the blazing library and took them through Red region
Also, the Teleri prized silver above gold, and their skill as silversmiths was esteemed even by the Ñoldor who seemed to prefer the Telerin word "telpe" "silver" instead the Quenya form "tyelpë"
Palestinians want Arab East Jerusalem as the capital of a future independent state .
Salim Malik not out 2
CKD PRAHA HOLDING 369.66 384.00 5565 2065.260
Bowling ( to date ) : Lewis 12-1-76-0 , Mullally 22-6-56-2 ,
Despite Dwalins, Fílis, and Kílis attempts to protect the goats and they manage to slay several wargs and Orcs, the wargs managed to pull down and kill three of the goats during the chase
The word "Kalimban" means "barbary" in Early Quenya
LONDON 1996-08-31
The final contents of the document negotiated in this village south of the Chechen capital Grozny have not been officially disclosed .
December bonds blew through the July 30 low of 107-06/32 , even though conditions were slightly oversold , traders said .
When the Númenóreans returned to the coasts of Middle-earth in the Second Age, they found a people who spoke languages which were distantly related to the Númenórean tongue, Adûnaic
Isildur used his fathers broken sword to cut the One Ring from Saurons hand
All figures in billions of dollars .
BATKIVSHCHYNA COLLECTIVE FARM , Ukraine 1996-08-26
Presumably, it was a very large place in portion as Morgoth was quite large himself
With his long wooden pipe, fuzzy, woolly toes, he lives in a hobbit-hole and everybody knows him Bilbo (Bilbo) Bilbo Baggins Hes only three feet tall Bilbo (Bilbo)Bilbo Baggins The bravest little hobbit of them all Now hobbits are peace-lovin folks you know They dont like to hurry and they take things slow They dont like to travel away from home They just want to eat and be left alone But one day Bilbo was asked to go on a big adventure to the caves below, to help some Dwarves get back their gold that was stolen by a dragon in the days of old
After the destruction of the island of Númenor and the Changing of the World, the Undying Lands were no longer a physical part of Arda, such that Men could no longer sail to Aman or Tol Eressëa
The Speaker of Bangladesh 's parliament , Humayun Rasheed Choudhury , said he had received death threats from anonymous callers after opposition parties threatened to boycott proceedings chaired by him .
ALMERE , Netherlands 1996-08-28
"Lhamthanc" means "forked tongue" in Ñoldorin
In times of war or unrest, the Marshals of the Mark each had a battle-ready éored as part of his household, to command at his discretion
Chief amongst these discontented Elves was Fëanor, the firstborn son of Finwë, King of the Ñoldor
Bowling : Gough 10-0-44-1 , Mullally 10-3-31-1 , Headley
Romania state budget soars in June .
2. Moore
0 Steve Jones through 7
It is not clear whether these names were intended to replace the names Alatar and Pallando, or whether Morinehtar and Rómestámo were alternate names for the Blue Wizards, possibly those given to them by the peoples of Middle-earth
Aoki , the elder brother of reigning 125cc world champion Haruchika , had a race-long duel with John Kocinski of the United States on a Ducati before taking the chequered flag .
They said a fire broke out at Shul'ala restaurant in the early hours on Saturday in al-Daih village , five km ( three miles ) west of the capital Manama .
Only Stoors used boats, fished, and could swim
Fourth-placed Leicestershire had Hampshire on the ropes at Leicester before rain intervened .
Pakistan declared their first
The accord , agreed two weeks ago , is expected to end years of disputes over the status of Romania 's large ethnic Hungarian minority .
White added a solo homer , his 11th , off reliever Mark Petkovsek with one out in the fifth , giving the Marlins a 6-0 lead .
8. Jack Pierce ( U.S. ) 13.60
About 3,500 naval shipyard workers marched in the centre of the northern port town of Cherbourg on Thursday to protest against defence restructuring , a union official said .
He watched dailies and seeing a four-hour cut of the first film, he demanded that Jackson reinstate a prologue that was shot, but cut out of the film
4. Sven Pieters ( Belgium ) 13.37
Fred Trueman ( England ) 307 , 67
Elros was a Sindarin word that meant "Elf of the spray", from "el" ("elf" or "star", interchangeably) and "ross" ("foam, spray")
" There 's not doubt about it , Richard was definitely off his game and I took advantage , " said Edberg .
Gondors army marched to fight the Balchoth but were cut off from Minas Tirith and pushed back in the direction of the Limlight
Here his reputation as a published Tolkien scholar slowly grew, authoring his first major study "The Road to Middle-earth" in 1982, and first contributing essays to journals of different Tolkien Society branches
The last no-confidence debate against Banharn 's coalition in May was won by the government .
But new coach Rolf Fringer is clearly a Knup fan and included him in his 19-man squad on Thursday .
Frodo arrived later still, chased by Ringwraiths
The White Tree was also the motif of Gondors flag
When the War of Palisor between the Elves and the army of Melko, formed of Goblins and Nauglath, broke out, only the folk of Ermon remained faithful to the Elves
Saruman welcomed to Orthanc a large warband of these Dunlendings prior to the War of the Ring
Melian initially served Vána before departing for Middle-earth
But recently Ukraine has been losing its reputation as a breadbasket of Europe , earned in the years before brutal forced collectivisation under Soviet dictator Josef Stalin .
Neekerbreekers were the loud, cricket-like insects of the Midgewater Marshes
MOSCOW 1996-08-30
"Falathar" was a Sindarin word for coast, from the common term "falas"
Bilbo took an Elvish dagger from the trolls collection, no longer than a small knife in size, which he would later name Sting
20. Israel 8.17
Francisco Cea ( Spain ) 70 71 76 , Gavin Levenson ( South
It was adopted by Dwarves in order to have a written form of their own tongue, Khuzdul
SOCCER - NICE SACK COACH EMON .
Finding this situation unacceptable, Minalcar assembled a great army and marched it out of Gondor and met a large Easterling army somewhere between Rhovanion and the Sea of Rhûn
The Springboks would have gone ahead had not fly-half Joel Stransky 's conversion hit an upright and New Zealand only scrambled to safety through a fine penalty from replacement fly-half Jon Preston and a drop goal by number eight Zinzan Brooke .
Atlanta Braves first baseman Fred McGriff owns the second-longest streak at 295 games .
LOS ANGELES 1996-08-30
Africa ) 71 74 75 , David Gilford 69 74 77 .
KANSAS CITY AT DETROIT
RUGBY UNION - GRIQUALAND WEST AND NEW ZEALAND DRAW IN TOUR MATCH .
An Israeli roadblock stopped the 38-year-old Palestinian from answering Yasser Arafat 's call to worship at Jerusalem 's al-Aqsa mosque on Friday .
Maybe it will be in single-digits , " Wijffels told Reuters .
In "", the man pictured on Hugins Trading Card Game card is present at the Council of Elrond, defends the position of Boromir regarding the critical question of who is to carry the One Ring to Mordor
Tsang said three sets of meetings with Chinese authorities on Hong Kong 's 1997-98 budget , which will span the transition period , had gone smoothly . "
The name Caras Galadhon means "Fortress of Trees": from the Silvan "caras" ("fortress") and "galadhon" ("of trees")
Freed American slaves founded Liberia in 1847 .
They put forward no proof to support the speculation , but seized on a comment by chief prosecutor Michel Bourlet on Belgian television on Friday night that he would chase down everyone involved in the case " if I am allowed to " .
He is angrily confronted by his son, who pushes too far in his pleas and causes Durin III to strip him of his title as prince
The trick , they said , will be for the candidates to continue to convince Wall Street that the Treasury 's 30-year bond -- the most closely-watched interest rate -- will fall to between 4 percent and 5 percent by the end of the decade .
" Just about , " he told Europe 1 radio when asked whether he had sent his letter of resignation to Assembly speaker Philippe Seguin .
An Orc stabbed Frodo, but his Mithril shirt saved him from the deadly blow
" Roy agreed a new deal before last night 's game against Everton and we are delighted , " said United manager Alex Ferguson on Thursday .
Against the will of the Valar, the Elves of Tol Eressëa set out on the "First Faring Forth", an expedition to help their kin in the Great Lands in the war against Melko and his army of Goblins, Nauglath, and wicked Men
MINNESOTA AT MILWAUKEE
William Fox broke into his wife 's home on Tuesday morning , shooting her dead and wounding his 16-year-old son , his son 's girlfriend and a neighbour , police said .
During the latter half of the Years of the Trees and the First Age, the Nandorin and Avarin Elves populated the forest between the Misty Mountains and the far eastern lands, eventually intermarrying and becoming Silvan Elves, or Wood-elves as they were more commonly known
In earlier versions of the legendarium Estë was a Maia and was considered the "highest of the Maiar" along with Lëa (then changed with Nessa)
He is a blacksmith who crafts mithril items for the player after being given mithril bricks
Carl was born in TA 2863 (SR 1263), and was the brother of Cotman
The presence of Takemura , whose role as finance minister in passing an unpopular plan to use taxpayer funds to wind up failed housing loan firms ruined his reputation as a reformer , has stalled Hatoyama 's efforts to attract to his new group defectors from the opposition camp , analysts said .
He was an actor and writer, known for "", "Poor Mans Orange" and "The Tale of Ruby Rose"
She does so by chanting to the river in the Quenya tongue
Australia last won the Davis Cup in 1986 , but they were beaten finalists against Germany three years ago under Fraser 's guidance .
Karsh followed behind with barrow wights and sorcerers, whilst Rogash waited in ambush with his army of trolls
Phil Mickelson , the only four-time winner on the PGA Tour , skipped the tournament after winning the World Series of Golf last week .
When Elves from Cuiviénen came to Aman, they learned much from the Valar but had no use for weapons as Aman was a hallowed place
In "The Lord of the Rings" film trilogy directed by Peter Jackson, Narsil was not broken in two but into several parts (which were kept at Rivendell), and is not reforged into Andúril until the
Fen Hollen is Sindarin for closed door
Malva Meadowgrass succeeds Sadoc as the Harfoots Trailsman
The Men of Carn Dûm have the appearance of a barbarian
The Sindarin term for this is "prestanneth" (disturbance, affection)
Mark Prescott at Newmarket .
"Mithrin" - Sindarin word for Grey
A second man and two women also were being sought .
In TA 1851, the Wainriders began raiding eastern Gondor and the princes of Rhovanion, causing much destruction and leaving many dead especially amongst the Northmen
The Haradrim were thereafter compelled to acknowledge Gondors overlordship over their people
As seen in the first film, Thorin earns his epithet "Oakenshield" during his fight against Azog at the Battle of Azanulbizar where he uses an oaken branch as both a weapon and shield
Penalties : Simon Culhane , Jon Preston ( 2 ) .
U.S. embassy officials in Colombo were not immediately available to comment on the report .
Soyoil ( in rupees per tonne )
Aragorn, Legolas and Gimli are at Helms Deep with Rohans army, defending the people of Rohan from attack by the army of Saruman in the Battle of the Hornburg
"Mámandil", his alias, has the Quenya roots "máma" ("sheep") and "-ndil" ("friend, lover")
William Weld asked to deliver a speech defending abortion rights and was turned down .
Pace trio David Millns ( 2-24 ) , Gordon Parsons ( 3-20 ) and Vince Wells ( 2-19 ) had Hampshire reeling at 81 for seven in reply to the home county 's first innings of 353 .
In the 1980 animated "Return of the King" film, Grond is depicted as drooling acid in one shot, and its eyes glow red
CHICAGO 1996-08-22
In May the government launched a sweeping crackdown on the democracy movement , detaining over 260 members of Suu Kyi 's National League for Democracy ( NLD ) ahead of a party congress .
A hint was also given as to why Trotter wore wooden shoes: he had been captured by the Dark Lord in Mordor and tortured, but saved by Gandalf; a note was added by Tolkien in the margin, saying that it would later be revealed that Trotter had wooden feet
The conflict ended with the complete and utter defeat of Sauron and Mordor, and a grand victory for the Free Peoples
Although Míriel had renounced her right to re-embody (as per the rules of the Statute of Finwë and Míriel), there is no reason that Finwë might not have done so (and, in fact, the text of "The Silmarillion" implies that eventually he did)
SOCCER - VOGTS KEEPS FAITH WITH EURO ' 96 CHAMPIONS .
It was a perfect paint job except for one feather under a wing of one bird that was only half dyed , " Drew said .
CYCLING - KELLY WINS WORLD TIME TRIAL TITLE .
10. Cor Euser ( Netherlands ) / H. Wada ( Japan ) / N. Furuya ( Japan ) GT2
Hirluin was buried before the gate at which he fell alongside Forlong
Rishon - Moshe Sabag ( 10th minute ) , Nissan Kapeta ( 26th ) ,
In "The Two Towers", Aragorn describes the Rohirrim: Early in the Third Age, such men occupied a part of Rhovanion, the lands east of Greenwood the Great, west of the inland Sea of Rhûn, and south of the Celduin
The Lhammas represents an old linguistic view of the languages of Middle-earth which was later dropped, in which all languages belonged to either the Valarin, Oromëan, Aulëan or Melkian phylums
Fingons army was driven back from the walls of Angband with great loss
6. Noureddine Morceli ( Algeria ) 7:36.81
Abigail was created for , in which she is portrayed by Virginie Laverdure
U.S. Producer list / transaction prices
The Witch-king of Angmar emerged from the city on a black horse, accompanied by an army stated to be larger than any that departed from the vale since the time of Isildur
PARIS 1996-08-23
SAN JOSE , Costa Rica 1996-08-26
He was joined by Flói, Frár, Óin, Ori, and Lóni
COPENHAGEN 1996-08-28
Trailing by a run entering the 11th , the Orioles rallied against Oakland reliever Mark Acre ( 0-2 ) with a walk and a triple by Brady Anderson to tie the game .
is an American author and professor
Of all the northern Kings before Arvegil - excepting those slain in battle - only two had lived less than two hundred years: his father Argeleb II and his grandfather Araphor
He worked as a thrall for three years, at which point he had grown to his full stature, and became taller and swifter than any of the Easterlings
The latter may be more probable in that Elrond managed to cure a Morgul wound, something which is almost invariably fatal due to its association with dark sorcery
7. Rohan Robinson ( Australia ) 49.36
In his hoard was found a silver horn, the Horn of Rohan later given to Meriadoc Brandybuck by Éowyn
Another reason Hebrew was chosen as a basis for Khuzdul is that it is unlike any European languages, equivalent to the contrast between Dwarven speech and Elvish languages
Popular modules include "Theme", "Gerband", "Annals of Ea", and "FuryMod"
Galadriel gave Samwise Gamgee a box of soil from her garden containing a single silver mallorn nut
At Leicester : Leicestershire 343-8 ( P. Simmons 108 , P. Nixon
At Chester-le-Street : Glamorgan beat Durham by 141 runs .
In TA 1260, Rómendacil summoned him and his Northmen family back to Gondor, to take part in the duties of the realm
2. Ludmila Engquist ( Sweden ) 12.74
American Dennis Mitchell outclassed Olympic 100 metres champion Donovan Bailey for the third time at a major post-Games meeting in front of the most experienced sprinting crowd in the world on Friday .
As afternoon turned to evening , fourth-seeded Spaniard Conchita Martinez took apart Romanian Ruxandra Dragomir in 58 minutes with the loss of just two games , one more than second seed Monica Seles , who opened the second-day programme by crushing American Anne Miller 6-0 6-1 .
Eyles , who defeated Jansher in the semifinals of the Portuguese Open in 1993 , said that he would like to win for the good of the game .
On Tuesday Lyman participated in a meeting of a joint-commission where he considered that the Angolan politicians should advance faster and find a way to cooperate .
He said the market reflects the political uncertainty , now that Dole has sharply narrowed the gap with Clinton in the polls .
They never pledged allegiance to Caranthir, however, and lived in his realm as free men
Indonesia plays down U.S. consulate attack .
The Bats of Dol Guldur were large bats that lived in Dol Guldur, appearing similar to fruit bats or flying foxes
Mordor can (re)build a strong army quicker than any of the other races
Thorin slays several Wargs and Orcs with this axe while the company is being chased by Yazneg and his riders
It consists of Sindarin words "laeg" ("green") and "golas" ("a collection of leaves, foliage, being a prefixed collective form of "las(s)" "leaf")
AMMAN 1996-08-23
Strengthened by what men had retreated from the Fords of Isen and led by Aragorn and Éomer, the Rohirrim managed to repel the hosts of Isengard for most of the night, but as dawn approached, Sarumans secret weapon, a blasting fire, was revealed, and a great breach was torn in the Deeping Wall and main gate
Nonetheless, on different pages Lewis demonstrated responsibility to the perspective that Christian marriage is reality about sexual conduct for all humankind, the main street to aggregate wellbeing for all men and ladies
Jay Buhner hit his 38th homer and Edgar Martinez his 23rd for Seattle .
The last Drúedain of Beleriand did go to Númenor, suggesting at least a few Haladin survived as well, as the Drûg formed a part of their people
They seem to have favoured simple durable clothing, coloured hoods and heavy cloaks for travelling, and belts of gold or silver
"The Lord of the Rings" film trilogy
However, due to the Orcs superior numbers, the allied Free Folk did not hold the advantage long
It will also boost both countries ' chances of admission to NATO and the European Union .
It is said that very few Dwarves fought on either side, but the Longbeards fought alongside the Last Alliance
Large and small scale doubles were used in many other scenes, while entire duplicates of certain sets (including Bag End in Hobbiton) were built at two different scales so that the characters would appear to be the appropriate sizes
The Arkenstone became the family heirloom of the Kings of Durins Folk, but was lost when the dragon Smaug stole the mountain from the Dwarves
Javier Sanchez ( Spain ) beat David Skoch ( Czech Republic ) 6-2 7-6 ( 7-0 ) 6-3
Zaire is home to 1.1 million Rwandan Hutu refugees who fled three months of civil war in 1994 .
Upon reaching the land of Mordor, Éomer and his men helped to win Frodo time, fighting in the Battle of the Black Gate until the One Ring was destroyed and Sauron was defeated
May 14 Practice at Lord 's
Gondors rule was taken up by the Stewards
For one and a half thousand years Númenor grew in might; Númenórean ships sailed the seas and established a number of colonies in Middle-earth
( Spain ) 66 64 69 .
Lamm will not endorse Perot for Reform ticket-CNN .
Following the Kin-strife this hold was broken and war resumed until the Haradrim were again defeated a century later by Hyarmendacil II
They cut through the Orc ranks, but were matched by the Haradrim and their Mûmakil
AMMAN 1996-08-29
It was one of the few rivers also given an Adûnaic name: Agathurush
2. Damon Hill ( Britain ) Williams 1:50.980
"Band" - Sindarin word meaning - prison, duress
Aided by spells laid on it by the Witch-king of Angmar, and the spells cast upon it during its forging in Mordor, Grond destroyed the Great Gate of Minas Tirith in just three or four blows
In , the Dwarves see the wind lance on the top of the tower
It is possible that Elboron was the father of Barahir, the grandson of Faramir and author of "The Tale of Aragorn and Arwen"
Over a year after Túrin came to Doriath, Morwen and Niënor went seeking Túrin in Menegroth
It is unknown whether new towers were erected by the men of the Reunited Kingdom
Australian Foreign Minister Alexander Downer arrived in Beijing on Thursday for a four-day visit that follows rising friction between the two nations in recent weeks .
As Frodo suffered from the spell of the wound, they rode hastily from Weathertop the next day, soon pursued again by Nazgûl
3. Silke Renk ( Germany ) 56.70
The eucatastrophic tale is the true form of fairy-tale, and its highest function." Etymology
China copper stocks owned by state reserve - trade .
Morgomir was destroyed by lava-storm with the rest of the Nine after the One Ring was finally cast away into the Crack of Doom
" Jordan has asked Mr. Adel Ibrahim , the Iraqi embassy 's press attache , to leave because he was carrying out duties incompatible with diplomatic norms , " the source told Reuters .
Andram was a Sindarin word meaning long wall
Based on descriptions in "The Hobbit", the Orcs of the Misty Mountains had some control over the Wargs living there
DUBLIN 1996-08-30
Anwar , who struck a superb 176 at The Oval , was the more aggressive as he made 57 from 75 balls before skying a catch off Irani to Mullally at long-on .
Hobbit folklore described the Last Desert as being in the "East of East", and inhabited by wild Were-worms
COMMACK , New York 1996-08-24
Rían lived on until FA 473, when she died at the end of the Nírnaeth Arnoediad
The coin triggers the weapon, throwing Alfrid straight into the trolls mouth
By the time of the War of the Ring, Rohirric and Hobbitish had many plain similarities; even to a non-speaker like Meriadoc Brandybuck
BOSTON 1996-08-27
Surprise second seed Michael Chang , ranked third in the world , opens against Czech Daniel Vacek , while women 's second seed Monica Seles drew American Anne Miller as her first victim .
It was declared a free land under the Sceptre of Annúminas, and Men were forbidden to enter it
Waqar Younis 125 25 431 16 26.93
Senegal cholera outbreak kills five .
Britain says death of its citizen will sour ties .
7. Hanna Haugland ( Norway ) 1.88
The survey was conducted between July 23 and August 14 and involved 1,305 companies , representing 50 industries , accounting for around half of the UK 's manufactured exports and some two million employees .
That summons and the Great Journey that followed split the Elves into two main groups (and many minor ones), who were never fully reunited
Whether "uin" remained a Sindarin word in the later and final stages of J.R.R. Tolkiens legendarium is unknown
In "The Hobbit", Dáins troops bear short swords and shields as well as mattocks
Seve Ballesteros and Colin Montgomerie are divided on whether Jose Maria Olazabal should be allowed to return to the European PGA Tour using a motorised cart to transport him around the course .
SOCCER - DALGLISH SAD OVER BLACKBURN PARTING .
Sayed Salahuddin
Internationally, he is best known for his literary criticism and interpretive publications on J.R.R. Tolkien and his works
It was also home to the treasury of Fëanor where he kept the three Silmarils in a chamber of iron
Ethuil was the Sindarin name for the season in the Calendar of Imladris which corresponds with spring
The record of four minutes , 12.56 seconds in Zurich earned Masterkova a bonus of $ 50,000 plus one kilo of gold .
During the earlier times of Nerdanels marriage to Fëanor, her father Mahtan, a Ñoldorin smith among those of the Ñoldor who were in service to Aulë, tutored his daughter Nerdanels husband Fëanor in the making of things in metal and in stone
1. Tommi Makinen ( Finland ) Mitsubishi Lancer three hours
Qualifier vs. 2 - Michael Chang ( U.S. )
This note of him being referred to as the Dark Elf as one of his nicknames/titles/insults is still seen in the published "Silmarillion": "...this Dark Elf in his caves!" Weapons
The goblins then made another gate opening into a cave they called the Front Porch, at the top of the High Pass
On March 11th, his forces began assailing the nearby Lothlórien
4. Marco Lietti ( Italy ) MG-Technogym 1 minute 14 seconds
Israeli prison officials took jailed Islamic militant Hamas founder Sheikh Ahmed Yassin to hospital briefly on Thursday for medical tests , officials said .
Easterlings crossed the Redwater and Brand retreated to Dale
In "The Book of Lost Tales", Rûm is mentioned as the greatest city of Men in all the Great Lands
Sunday 's Pokka 1,000 km motor race , seventh round of the
The Army of the Dead attacked first the ships that were still anchored, and then walked over the water to the ones that had set sail
Specializing in the languages of J.R.R. Tolkiens mythology, Welden has written many articles for "Parma Eldalamberon", the journal "Vinyar Tengwar" for which he is a board member, and the Tolkien Societys formal linguistics journal "Quettar"
Britain 's Princess Diana has sent a message to seriously ill Mother Teresa , the nun to whom she has turned several times for spiritual guidance .
After Oromë discovered the Quendi, Ingwë was part of the first embassy to Aman alongside his friends Finwë and Elwë, and became the lord of the first Kindred of the Elves, the later Vanyar, who led his people in the Great Journey
Master of Lake-town appears in one LEGO set, 79013 Lake-town Chase
73 Ross McFarlane , Domingo Hospital ( Spain ) , Seve Ballesteros
- Internal Security Minister Kahalani warns cabinet of increase in organised crime .
He intended to use this new, unprecedentedly powerful force to utterly destroy those who had opposed him
MILWAUKEE AT CHICAGO
Both the Dúnedain and the Orcs possessed drinks with similar properties, but Miruvor was known to be the most potent of these cordials
Robert Casey , a vehement opponent of abortion , from speaking .
VENTURA , Calif. 1996-08-28
Rohans powerful cavalry could cut through almost any infantry lines and cavalry units and turn the tide of battle
Wasim becomes the 11th player to join the 300-club of
The number of casinos has soared in Moscow since the collapse of communism .
Gilrain was a Sindarin word for Star-wanderer
It was Incaviglia 's sixth grand slam and 200th homer of his career .
Lancashire 323 ( N. Fairbrother 86 , M. Watkinson 64 ; D. Gough 4-53 )
His attack value of 3 is strong enough for him to be used as an attacker regularly, however, some enemies will take a few turns to die if Wilyador is attacking alone
In SA 600, Entulessë, a ship from Númenor arrived in Mithlond where Gil-galad welcomed the Númenóreans, who went on to re-establish contact with their distant kin, the Middle Men
"Silme" - Quenya for "Starlight" T
With Elegost, they clear the area of wargs and head on their way
Lebed , who met Russian Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin on Monday to discuss the progress he made on a political settlement for the breakaway region , has been seeking a meeting with President Boris Yeltsin , who started a holiday near Moscow on Monday .
It may mean "small tree", from Sindarin "oron" ("tree") and "pîn" ("small"), or "mountain peak", from "orod" ("mountain") and "pind" ("peak, crest")
They do not appear in any tale set in Arda, but are mentioned in "The Lost Road and Other Writings," in the section concerning Elvish etymologies
Sir Mark Prescott landed his first group one victory in 25 years as a trainer when his top sprinter Pivotal , a 100-30 chance , won the Nunthorpe Stakes on Thursday .
They said the date of Takemura 's resignation would be determined by party officials .
The Zurich fall cost Engquist a shot at a jackpot of 20 one-kg gold bars which can be won by athletes who clinch their events at all of the Golden Four series in Oslo , Zurich , Brussels and Berlin .
He was the brother of Nessa and the husband of Vána
However, when the Two Trees of Valinor were destroyed, Tillion took the last surviving flower of Telperion, the silver Tree of the Valar, in a vessel forged by Aulë and carried it away in the Heavens
Jason Stoltenberg ( Australia ) beat Kenneth Carlsen ( Denmark ) 6- 3 7-6 ( 7-1 ) 6-3
The refugees , rallying in Matuzici on government territory two km from Doboj in northeast Bosnia , waved banners calling the polls a farce staged by the United Nations and the European Union . "
While only a stunning upset will keep Graf from sailing through to a predictable semifinal showdown with third seed Arantxa Sanchez Vicario , the German star could also be tested in the third round where she will probably face 28th-ranked veteran Natasha Zvereva of Belarus .
In the twenty-eighth century of the Third Age, a man known as Freca, said to have both Rohirrim and Dunlendish blood rose in power and wealth and lorded over the Dunlendings on both sides of the Isen river
During Rosati 's trip the two countries will sign an agreement on mutual protection of investments and a note easing conditions on the granting of visas , the agency quoted Foreign Ministry officials as saying .
However, some of them refused to take part in the Great Journey and leave Middle-earth and for this reason they were called "Avari"
The Tolkien Society Forodrim was founded in in 1972 and is one of the oldest Tolkien fan organizations
Creatures such as trolls, the Watcher in the Water, the Balrog, the Ents, the Fellbeasts, the Wargs, the Mûmakil and Shelob were created entirely with computer-generated imagery
They included a black lacquer and mother of pearl inlaid box used by Hendrix to store his drugs , which an anonymous Australian purchaser bought for 5,060 pounds ( $ 7,845 ) .
Elwë was born in Cuiviénen during the Years of the Trees to unnamed parents, and his father was the direct descendant of Enel and Enelyë
Palestinian President Yasser Arafat arrived in the West Bank self-rule enclave of Nablus from Ramallah on Friday , witnesses said .
, KS
The 18-year-old Olsza , last year 's Wimbledon junior champion , celebrated her debut in the main draw of the Open by removing Maleeva 6-4 6-2 .
Its name in Khuzdul was Bundushathûr, meaning "Cloudyhead"
AMSTERDAM 1996-08-29
In the film " (2013), Kíli is wounded by a Morgul-arrow to the thigh
Human rights workers say authorities in Serbia and Bosnian Serb territory have conducted a well-organised campaign to coerce refugees into registering only on Serb territory and failed to inform them of their rights under the Dayton peace agreement .
Sarn Ford was the stone ford on the Brandywine River, on the far southern borders of the Shire
Blake had also worked with Peter Jackson in his produced film, ." Alan MacKenzie Howard, CBE (August 5, 1937 - February 14, 2015) was an English actor best known for voicing both Sauron and the One Ring in "The Lord of the Rings" film trilogy
In it, he has seen that a black fleet of ships was sailing from the south up the River Anduin, believing it to be a devils armada
There were no major open battles between Gondor and the Easterlings at this time
Bohdan Ulihrach ( Czech Republic ) beat Andrea Gaudenzi ( Italy )
Human rights groups had protested about Dahman 's arrest in letters to Palestinian President Yasser Arafat and to Qidra .
Hadhafang was a sword once belonging to the Elven princess Idril who wed a mortal Man (Tuor) and bore Eärendil, the father of Elrond, who in turn was father to Arwen
While never united under one single king, the Men of Rhovanion nonetheless were allies of Gondor, and many of the great Princes of Rhovanion and their kin served in the armies of Gondor
PANAMA CITY 1996-08-30
Before War of the Ring, Quick Post was the most common method for the Hobbits of the Shire to mail their letters
PARIS 1996-08-26
With only three remaining goats pulling the heavy chariot and the wargs closing in behind them, the Dwarves know that they will never make it to Ravenhill
He succeeded to the throne in 1951 on the abdication of his father Leopold III .
Pete Wilson , who said local and state governments cannot fight illegal drugs alone .
In a written statement , distributed by the Clinton campaign , Morris avoided comment on published allegations that he had engaged in a year-long affair with a $ 200-an-hour prostitute .
U.S. debt futures finished a shortened pre-holiday session sharply lower , as the markets were shaken by a stronger than expected rise in the August National Association of Purchasing Management ( NAPM ) index for the Chicago area , traders and analysts said .
His precious gift of Narya to Gandalf was also timely and valuable
Said to have been built during the Second Age by the Men of Gondor, it was, along with Angrenost (Isengard), one of two strongholds built to guard the Fords of Isen
The goblin-soldiers of Isengard used short, broad-bladed swords instead of curved scimitars
He became an Elf of amazing skills in blacksmith and forged a black, shining metal called galvorn
4. El Hassane Lahssini ( Morocco ) 13:06.57
Sharif , a former prime minister , is the main political rival of Bhutto , who defeated him in the October 1993 election .
Italian tyre and cables giant Pirelli on Friday announced its long-awaited move into China with a cables joint venture set to capitalise on the rapidly-growing Chinese telecommunications market .
Weapons were possibly used against Melkor when he had to be removed as a threat to the newly awakened Elves
CINCINNATI AT COLORADO
Atherton 7 1 20 1 20.00
9. Worku Bekila ( Ethiopia ) 28.42.23
ANCHORAGE , Alaska 1996-08-22
Rodriguez 's 18th homer , off Chad Ogea ( 7-5 ) in the first , gave Texas a 2-0 lead .
1907 - Edvard Grieg , Norwegian composer best known for his " Peer Gynt Suite " and his Piano Concerto , died in Bergen .
After them the land was often renamed Lindon, for "The Singers", after the old clan-name of the Telerin which the Nandor still used in their tongue
Brian Giles and Jim Thome homered for Cleveland .
Thomson resigned after the club 's directors asked him to return to his previous position as youth team coach .
Leading results and overall standings after the 19.6 kilometre fourth stage of the Tour of the Netherlands on Thursday , a time trial starting and finishing in Doetinchem .
AMSTERDAM 1996-08-28
After the failure of the Battle of Tumhalad, Glaurung and an army of Orcs sacked Nargothrond
After the battle, with Elrond, he urged Isildur, Elendil’s first-born, to throw the captured One Ring into Orodruin, where it would be unmade, but Isildur refused
Coltart 72 75 , Paul Lawrie 72 75 , Jose Coceres ( Argentina )
This changed when word reached Minalcar, the Regent of Gondor that some of their Northman allies were unreliable and at times fought on the side of the Easterlings out of promises of a share in the spoils of war, greed, or out of the need of allies to aid in the settling of feuds between their princes
After that Elendil came often to the towers and soon placed one of the Palantíri of Arnor within to view Avallonë on Tol Eressëa
" The Islamic Republic of Iran has reported some 32 new cases of ceasefire violations by the Iraqi regime between March 31 and May 31 , 1996 , " it reported from New York .
But Medvedev 's ranking slowly began to drop last year as he struggled with a wrist injury .
LOS ANGELES AT MONTREAL
See kell "Êl, Elin, Elenath -" Sindarin word for Star (Elenath is the collective plural)
" The search for peace in Liberia has been difficult , challenging and sometimes painful .
+1 Fred Funk through 9
BREGANCON , France 1996-08-25
" We did not have money for fertiliser , we 're in debt for fuel , and we 're borrowing diesel , " Odnosum said .
By this version of the story, Durins Folk was formed out of Dwarves from the other six lines, as a mixed people arose when all Dwarves went to Gundabad
"Rohan" is derived from Sindarin "rochallor" - "roch" means horse, but the meaning of the second element is unspecified
Darryn Hill ( Australia ) beat Christian Arrue ( U.S. ) 2-0
Political scientist Jannie Gagiano said he doubted that the National Party , which implemented apartheid in 1948 and began dismantling it in 1990 , felt it carried a burden of guilt and needed to be exculpated through the commission .
South African apartheid killer Eugene de Kock was found guilty of murder and attempted murder on Tuesday , a day after he was convicted of five other murders .
Seychelles 1 Mauritius 1
It referred to the halfling Frodo Baggins presenting the One Ring at the Council of Elrond, and was what had led Boromir to travel to Rivendell for the Council
Brandir, known as Brandir the Lame, was a Lord of the Haladin in the First Age who dwelt in the Forest of Brethil, which was west of Doriath in the settlement of Ephel Brandir, in Middle-earth
A few exceptions include the early Fallohides living in the forested areas near the Misty Mountains and the Drúedain living in the forest of the same name
4. Mike Conley ( U.S. ) 16.79
A policeman has been shot dead in Serbia 's troubled Kosovo province , Serbian police said on Thursday .
" I think he deserves to be seeded as everybody else who is in the top 16 deserves to be seeded , " Stich said .
S. Tendulkar run out 110
Fulmar 30 28/08 Ulsan / Yosu $ 105,000 LG Caltex .
However, the Dwarves were ultimately adopted by Eru and given free will, although their fate was not the same as that of Elves and Men
CHICAGO 1996-08-22
SOCCER - ARMENIA AND PORTUGAL DRAW 0-0 IN WORLD CUP QUALIFIER .
Larry Fine
BEIJING 1996-08-22
1. Frankie Fredericks ( Namibia ) 19.92 seconds
His Sindarin name was Aran Einior, the "Elder King"
8. Sven Teutenberg ( Germany ) U.S. Postal 31
New York starter Jimmy Key left the game in the first inning after Seattle shortstop Alex Rodriguez lined a shot off his left elbow .
7. Vebjoen Rodal ( Norway ) 1:46.45
Honiball converted and Joubert kicked a penalty before All Black hooker Sean Fitzpatrick scored a try from close range on the stroke of half-time to narrow the lead to 16-8 and hint at a comeback .
Quenya is one of many introduced over the years by science fiction and fantasy writers, some others being , , , and
Frodo claimed the One Ring here; he and Gollum fought over it
The Serbs , who administer half of Bosnia in a Serb republic , said they had met all conditions for holding the September elections .
SEOUL 1996-08-31
Nan Dungortheb was a Sindarin word that meant Valley of Dreadful Death
NEW YORK 1996-08-22
Then Oakland manager Art Howe decided to intentionally walk Rafael Palmeiro and Bobby Bonilla to load the bases but Acre was nowhere near the plate to Ripken .
It was there that the One Ring was lost by Isildur, and found again centuries later by Déagol the Stoor
The Great Tree Telperion was silver in appearance and shed silver dews and light throughout the realm of Valinor, some of which was horded by Varda in great vats known as the Wells of Varda
Seeing the power of Mordor collapse, some of the Easterlings and Haradrim fought on to the end, whilst others surrendered and were pardoned
Now in a lake-side forest allusive to the mythical Forest of Brocéliande, Mezzalira tells to John Howe the story of Viviane, the Lady of the Lake, her relationship with Merlin, and the invisible crystal castle he built for her
The Bradys walked on to the stage , he on her arm and with the aid of a cane , to a rousing reception from the convention .
Later, the most notable voice was , who provided the voices for, among many others, the three wise men ("The Little Drummer Boy"), Burgermeister Meisterburger ("Santa Claus Is Comin To Town"), the traffic cop ("Frosty The Snowman"), Jack Frost (), and even Santa Claus himself ("Frosty The Snowman")
SAN JOSE , Costa Rica 1996-08-27
1. Takuma Aoki ( Japan ) Honda 38:18.759
During the Quest of Erebor, the White Council attacked Dol Guldur and the Dark Lord withdrew
- Seven ministers and governor of Bank of Israel will visit the United States at the end of September and in October .
BAGHDAD 1996-08-22
Its corners were razor-edged points with room for at least two men to stand
Rios claimed a 4-6 6-1 6-4 6-2 victory over Romania 's Andrei Pavel .
The second marriage of Men and Elves in the first age was between Tuor of the House of Hador and Idril of the Ñoldor and Vanyar
And youll be here in my armsJust sleeping
She then scorned him saying that he would not have them all and then she left, possibly retiring to her fathers house in Aman
Australia , led by wicketkeeper Ian Healy , opened their short tour of Sri Lanka with a five-run win over the country 's youth team on Thursday .
Agathor married, Meleth and they had two children, Manthor and Hunthor
To Men however, the situation is different: a mannish "fëa" is only a visitor to Arda, and when the "hröa" dies, the "fëa" temporarily enters the Halls of Waiting before it leaves Arda completely
The September notional bond future on the MATIF in Paris settled at 123.14 , up 0.04 from Thursday 's settlement price .
Dalglish had been with Blackburn for nearly five years , first as manager and then , for the past 15 months , as director of football .
Azog is depicted in the "Hobbit" film trilogy as the wrathful, psychopathic, iron-fisted, malevolent, bloodthirsty, insidious, cynical, bitter, malicious, arrogant and merciless chieftain of the Orcs of Moria, and leader of the Warg-riders
Seventy eight-year-old Mandolina Zelic , a Bosnian Croat who has spent the last five years in Nagyatad , told Reuters she had cast her ballot because she 'd been told to by the camp authorities but had no idea who she voted for .
For Sept 10-30 : 16,300 tonnes of dark northern spring ( DNS ) at $ 212.00 ; 7,000 of hard red winter ( HRW ) at $ 205.10 ; 2,700 of western white ( WW ) at $ 202.65 .
Mother Teresa , known as the Saint of the Gutters , won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1979 for bringing hope and dignity to millions of poor , unwanted people with her simple message : " The poor must know that we love them . "
The orb like crystal that rests in the crown would very often come loose as it didnt fit correctly and the shaft of the staff did not include the tapered spike like finish and round notch towards the bottom
The name Ciryatan literally means Ship-builder in Quenya
The Valar were the fourteen Ainur who, after being molded of Erus thought, entered Arda after its creation, to give order to the world and combat the new evils of Melkor
At Headingley : Yorkshire 529-8 declared ( C. White 181 ,
" We have been seeking to double our profits ( during the period ) and we are confident of doing so , " VW chief financial officer Bruno Adelt told a briefing as part of the formal introduction of the new VW Passat sedan .
Durin III allows Elrond to make his proposal, in which Elrond offers the wood and game of Eriador for 500 years in exchange for access to mithril
6. Adem Hacini ( Algeria ) 1:45.64
Bolg later finds Tauriel and injures her but before he can finish her, Kíli arrives to save her but is impaled by Bolgs mace and dies
The Rohirrim fought two battles against the Dunlendings and the Orcs of Saruman in the Gap, during the first of which Prince Théodred, son of Théoden, was mortally wounded
The official state news agency Petra said Kabariti would hold discussions " on the latest developments in the peace process and bilateral cooperation " .
DOHUK , Iraq 1996-08-23
Thranduils elk is of great size, and is unfazed in the presence of extraordinarily large creatures such as Smaug and Were-worms
There, Óin discovered the legendary Mithril axe Zigilburk and used it to keep the beast at bay until he eventually succumbed to hunger
However , a spokesman for Prime Minister Gulbuddin Hekmatyar , a long-time rival of Masood , expressed concern at signs of renewed U.S. interest in Afghanistan .
Thomas Daschle .
Ken Caminiti added two RBI for the Padres , who have won six of their last seven games and remained one game ahead of the Los Angeles Dodgers in the National League West .
Bolg knocks Bilbo out with his mace before finding Tauriel and badly injuring her in combat
He also told them that an army of 500 Dwarves led by Dáin Ironfoot was coming from the Iron Hills
CRICKET - ENGLAND V PAKISTAN FINAL TEST SCOREBOARD .
Senior Sergeant Dave Pearson of Auckland police said John Grant Fagan was in police custody , but further details of his capture would not be released until a press conference later in the day .
74 Paul Stankowski , Costantino Rocca ( Italy )
The Birthday Party was said to be an event of "special magnificence", featuring fireworks (created by the Wizard Gandalf), presents given to everyone who attended (many of them made by Dwarves and the Men of Dale), and three official meals
Earlier , police declined to comment on whether it suspected a link with the Marc Dutroux case , the paedophile kidnap , sex abuse and murder scandal which has rocked Belgium in the past two weeks .
In an attempt to build goodwill with the Dwarves of Khazad-dûm, the only location where mithril could be found, Gil-galad invites Durin IV to Lindon, where they speak over dinner
When the dwarf again refuses, Bard reveals the Arkenstone, the one part of the treasure that Thorin values above all else
Hansa Rostock brought Cologne 's 100 percent record to an end with a 2-0 win over the Rhineside club while a Sean Dundee hat-trick inside seven minutes stood out in Karlsruhe 's 4-0 demolition of St Pauli .
" It was an off-speed pitch and I just tried to get a good swing on it and put it in play , " Greer said . "
The riots , which shook Jordan for two days , broke out after last Friday 's main prayers in the southern town of Karak and spread to Amman .
Two columns of rebels appeared in jeeps and cars , firing their guns in the air , as the crowd rushed towards them .
"Amon Hen" is Sindarin for Hill of the Eye
California played without interim manager John McNamara , who was admitted to a New York hospital with a blood clot in his right calf .
Húrin cried out against Turgon, thus inadvertently revealing the general location of Gondolin to Morgoths spies, and then left
-- Wellington newsroom 64 4 4734 746
S-1 in the former South Yemen , which united with North Yemen in 1990 .
Tooks were mainly of Fallohide Hobbit stock
J.R.R. Tolkien most likely based lembas on bread known as that was used during long sea voyages and military campaigns as a primary foodstuff
The Battle of South Ithilien was a battle between Gondor and the Haradrim
When Saruman sent an army of 10,000 Uruk-hai to destroy the people of Rohan, Guma, along with a number of farmers, had to fight and defend the fortress at all cost
Analysts said sharply lower earnings from News Corp 's book publishing division and its U.S. magazines had been the major surprises in the results for 1995/96 .
Hobbitish (sub-dialect of Westron) bears much in common with Rohirric, as hobbits once dwelt in the same region as the ancestors of the Rohirrim
It is recorded that Half-orcs came to be by an evil act of sorcery where Saruman bred Dunlendings with his Orcs
The are additional similarities between Aragorn and Arthur beyond those pointed out by Finn
Kpaitan Stankov 69 31/8 St Croix / USAC W125 Hess .
We have no basis for saying that the exchange rate is affecting exports , " Rafael Moreno Turrent , deputy director general for foreign trade promotion at the bank , said at a news conference .
Foreign exchange controls were removed April 22 as part of a wider IMF-sponsored program .
Tom Daschle -- Daschle , 48 , was largely unknown outside Washington and his state of South Dakota when he surprisingly beat more prominent rivals to become Senate Democratic leader after the party lost its majority to the Republicans in 1994 .
"Enquië, Enquier "- Week, Quenya word referring to the six day Elvish week
These Kings Men were not friendly to the Elves or to their fellow Númenórean survivors who were allied to the Elves, and became known as Black Númenóreans
N. Korea urges S. Korea to return war veteran .
Wyrms were creatures who appear originally in "" under the control of the Goblin and the Mordor faction
Prosecutors in the city of Potsdam said the 32-year-old man drew alongside the other car at about 110 kph ( 70 mph ) and aimed his pistol at the driver .
Peace after wars applies to all men
He is a callous, ruthless, idealistic, and tenacious leader of the Warg-riders of his battalion, being highly intelligent and showing tactical ability when he corners Thorin and Company in the trees in his second battle with Thorin
By the year TA 2933, Elladan and Elrohir went riding against Orcs with Arathorn II, the father of Aragorn II Elessar
Once Melkor destroyed the Two Trees of Valinor and slew Finwë, he also stole the Silmarils and fled to Middle-earth
Although some Northmen had not remained faithful to Gondor in its war with the Easterlings, the powerful Regent of Gondor Minalcar sought an alliance with the Northmen nonetheless
He left Bree with the group, presumably to join Sharkeys Men in the Shire
Sidhu abandoned the Indian team after the third one-day international against England at Old Trafford in Manchester on May 26 , before India began a three-test series , citing serious differences with captain Mohammed Azharuddin .
On their return, Ingwë, Finwë, and Elwë spoke in favor of taking part to the Great Journey because they were fascinated by the light of Valinor
It said refugees feared census takers would use indelible ink to mark them so they could be detected by Rwandan government troops and mistreated if they were forced back into Rwanda .
China , along with Britain , France , Russia and the United States , is a declared nuclear power .
EXERCISE PERIOD 02.SEP.96-06.MAR.97 PAYDATE 30.AUG.96
Blair Larsen or the uncapped Glenn Taylor are on standby to replace Jones and , with Jonah Lomu out of action with a shoulder injury picked up in Tuesday 's drawn match against Griqualand West , Eric Rush is favourite to play should Wilson fail to recover .
At this the Orcs and other creatures of Sauron at the battle scattered in disarray, and were routed by the Host of the West or fled
It was the counterpart to Ringil which held aloft the other lamp, Ormal
He fought in the Battle of Five Armies, and stood by Thorins side; he is voiced by
118 , A. Cottey 70 ) .
Originally, after their Awakening in the east of Middle-earth all the Elves spoke Primitive Quendian
This was found as a similarity to other ergative languages such the of ancient Mesopotamia
He said the city council would be " ironically present " when the comics made their proclamation on the same day Bossi has threatened to declare the birth of Padania , the name he has given to northern Italy .
CRICKET - PAKISTAN 'S WASIM AKRAM JOINS 300 CLUB .
Chelsea makes political debut on Clinton train trip .
Elenwë means "Star person" in Quenya from "elen" ("star") and the prefix "-wë" ("person")
A last group of Teleri in Beleriand was the Laiquendi: they were descended from the Nandor, who had split from the Great Journey before the Hithaeglir, and gone south along the Great River Anduin
United States at Netherlands
The remainder of Durins Folk fled Khazad-dûm, and it became known as Moria, the black pit
The Ents found Quenya to be a lovely language, and adapted it after their fashion to everyday use
St George 21 12 1 8 421 344 25
By the Third Age, the Rohirric word Dwimmerlaik, meaning "spectre" or "work of necromancy", was used as an encompassing term
Some are also shown to be necromancers, wielding dark sorcery
Scott Draper ( Australia ) beat Galo Blanco ( Spain ) 6-3 7-5 6-3
The European Commission said on Thursday it would study scientific reports saying Britain 's mad cow epidemic would die out by 2001 but offered little prospect the findings would change an agreed slaughter campaign .
Swede Kenneth Eriksson kept Subaru in the hunt for the manufacturers ' title with fifth place in spite of a gearbox problem that nearly forced him off the road close to the end of the event .
His bloodline also mixed its way into the race of Men
Oropher was slain and Thranduil returned to Greenwood with roughly a third of the army that had marched to war
The Swiss government also said Wednesday it had made progress in cutting Switzerland 's projected spending for 1997 .
The Dunlendings were being attacked from both sides and were soon killed
American Olympic high hurdles champion Allen Johnson defied the wet conditions to produce a brilliant 12.92 seconds in the 110 metres race , just 0.01 outside the world record held by Britain 's Colin Jackson .
The next match in the four-nation tournament is on Friday when Sri Lanka play Australia in a repeat of the World Cup final in Lahore where Sri Lanka won by seven wickets .
On 3 March, Grimslade was attacked by Sarumans half-orcs who intended to burn it, but the attackers were repelled by the forces of Elfhelm on their march towards Edoras
ST LOUIS AT HOUSTON
" I was n't scared when I heard that I was playing Maleeva , " said Olsza . "
The Dunlendings would be required to retreat behind the River Isen again and never re-cross it bearing arms
They found clothes of the trolls victims, and several swords of various makes
Derek Ryan ( Ireland ) beat Paul Johnson ( England ) 10-15 15-5 12-15 15-12 15-11
-- Seattle bureau 206-386-4848
The circumferential faces were the ones that allowed viewing, receiving outside visions, and channeling them to the eye of the beholder on the opposite side; if one wished to look east, he would place himself on the western side of the orb, etc
Normally, the One Ring appeared perfectly plain and featureless, but when heated in a fire the inscription appeared in fiery letters inside and outside the Ring
He was also accounted to be "one of the wild folk — rangers", and he played the same role in Frodos journey to Rivendell as in "The Lord of the Rings"
Karsh is a hero for the Angmar faction, and was known as a "whispering" wraith, but has the same physical appearance as Barrow-wights
Tass said the weapons and the practical implementation of the ceasefire signed by Lebed and Maskhadov last Thursday would be on the agenda of today 's talks .
Galatasaray striker Adrian Knup , scorer of 26 goals in 45 internationals , has been recalled by Switzerland for the World Cup qualifier against Azerbaijan in Baku on August 31 .
In "The Hobbit" movie trilogy, at one point in ", Azog speaks to the Necromancer in the Black Speech
A group of Hill-men of Rhudaur begin to rebel against Arnor, led by Hwaldar
Silver was primarily used as currency and for jewelry and many other things
Though they were as determined to defeat Sauron as the others, Oropher and Amdírs army was lightly armed and less experienced in open warfare
At Colorado , Vinny Castilla homered twice and drove in four runs and Larry Walker went 3-for-4 with a homer and three RBI as the Colorado Rockies outslugged the Pittsburgh Pirates 13-9 in the rubber game of a three-game series .
NZ bills gain ground after see-saw session .
A battle seemed imminent, but then Gandalf told them that an army of goblins and Wargs were approaching
The explosion was the latest in series of bomb attacks in Algeria 's four-year-old civil strife .
This track is played in the very last scene, at Sams return to his house
For 43 years Rhovanion was enslaved, but in TA 1899 there was a revolt, coordinated with an attack by Gondor on the Wainriders from the west
They wander the world unseen or shape themselves in any fashion, be they Elves or other creatures; called Fanar in Quenya could be destroyed, but their being, not extinguished
After this Rhudaur was fully occupied by evil men subject to Angmar and those of Númenórean blood who still remained there were slain or fled west
Simitis blamed ND for the low absorption rate of EU funds and said the socialists will increase farmers ' pensions , combat tax evasion and accelerate GDP growth rates to 4.0 percent in a few years .
Through Evernight he back was borne on black and roaring waves that ran oer leagues unlit and foundered shores that drowned before the Days began, until he heard on strands of pearl where ends the world the music long, where ever-foaming billows roll the yellow gold and jewels wan
The name Amandil means "Lover of Aman", or perhaps "Devoted to Aman", in Quenya
Impressed by their victory, he offered the Men of Brethil a fiefdom in his kingdom, and in turn, the protection of his soldiers
Posco Baggins was a Hobbit of the Shire
No trace of two missing teenagers in Belgium .
They fled when Eriador was invaded by Easterlings, but when they disappeared after the War of Wrath the Middle Men returned to the region
GREEK SOCIALISTS GIVE GREEN LIGHT TO PM FOR ELECTIONS .
The Eco-Challenge has been staged twice before -- in Utah and Maine last year -- and is modelled on similar races overseas .
Hovercrafts will soon be plying the waters of the Amazon in a bid to reduce the difficulties of transportation on the vast Brazilian waterway , the government said on Thursday .
Amongst His creatures, Men alone would shape their lives beyond the music of the Ainur, to which all else was subject
Unlike wraiths, however, they remain bound to their physical bodies and can be killed
" Collins would never be a proponent of contemporary terrorism as practised today .
The Easterlings were cruel and took many slaves including the young and old
With the defeat of Sauron in the War of the Ring and the clearing of Dol Guldur, Mirkwood was freed from evil and Men and Elves worked to restore it to its former beauty
Vitesse Arnhem 1 ( Van Wanrooy 58th ) Utrecht 0 .
The siege lasted seven years and many Men and Elves were killed, including Isildurs brother Anárion, who died in SA 3440
AMMAN 1996-08-23
Here, they dig tunnels for reinforcements of the Dol Guldur Orc army
KHASAVYURT , Russia 1996-08-31
Pakistan : Aamir Sohail , Saeed Anwar , Ijaz Ahmed , Salim Malik , Inzamam-ul-Haq , Wasim Akram ( captain ) , Moin Khan , Saqlain Mushtaq , Mushtaq Ahmed , Waqar Younis , Ata-ur-Rehman .
GOLF - GERMAN OPEN SCORES .
Lóni was a Dwarf of Durins Folk
He leaves Rome on Monday .
Shortly after, Aragorn arrived in the black ships of the Corsairs and the tide of the battle was turned
One of the Silmarils was recovered by Beren (son of Barahir and Emeldir) and Lúthien (daughter of the King and Queen of Doriath, Thingol and Melian, the Maiar) through great peril and loss
Narsil was a longsword wielded by King Elendil during the War of the Last Alliance, and used by his son, Isildur, to cut the One Ring from Saurons hand during the final battle of that war, being shattered in the process
Later the Dwarves were allowed past the realms barrier of enchantment with the help of treacherous Elves under the curse of the treasure
It said moderating paper prices and solid orders for advertising at its Fox Broadcasting television network in the United States would also help boost profits in the 1996/97 year . "
Later, when the Rohirrim led by King Théoden arrived, Murgash stood with Gothmog at the front of the gathered army preparing for the charge of the reinforcements
WELLINGTON 1996-08-27
With these Orcs were others from Mordor, such as Black Uruks spotted by Boromir
Dutch shares drifted to a lower close on Monday , dragged down by weakness in the domestic bond market and turnover depressed by the UK bank holiday and lack of any significant U.S. economic data .
When Fëanor intended to leave Valinor, he required ships to reach Middle-earth without great loss, but the Ñoldor possessed none, and Fëanor feared that any delay in their departure would cause the Ñoldor to reconsider
- Parliament Speaker Berri : Israel is preparing for war against Syria and Lebanon .
This deception and treachery eventually saw the lifespans of Men return to more normal times
She opines to Celebrimbor that three rings are needed instead of Saurons proposed two, and the Master-smith proceeds to forge the Three Rings: Vilya, Nenya, and Narya
President Clinton , Bob Dole and Ross Perot are hitting the road now that the partying is over , and people who have billions of dollars invested in stocks were bracing for political promises that could have an impact on their wealth .
According to the Official Movie Guide to , in coming to Gandalfs aid, Galadriel has to grapple with the seductive power of the Necromancer to draw other beings into a void of darkness, despair and decay
ACC Chairman Nani Palkhivala told shareholders at the firm 's annual meeting cement output rose to 3.14 million tonnes in the first quarter of 1996/97 ( April-March ) , from 3.01 million a year ago .
Germany , Poland tighten cooperation against crime .
3-12 ) and 164-4 ( P. Weston 52 ) .
However, this proves to be his downfall, as he unwittingly reveals the weak spot in his chest to Bilbo when showing the Hobbit how he had willfully coated his underbelly in treasure to protect it
In Peter Jacksons ", the Necromancer sends the bats after Radagast who is searching for the dark magic
TENNIS - TARANGO , O'BRIEN SPRING TWIN UPSETS UNDER THE LIGHTS .
The harvest is gathered in the dry areas , but rainfall in Western Ukraine has delayed harvesting there .
He met Russian Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin on Monday and , according to the press service of Lebed 's Security Council , could meet Yeltsin on Tuesday .
In "The Lord of the Rings Online", the Lossoth appear to be inspired by Uralic peoples, with Finnish or Ugric names
In the film, the gate shares a name with an type of Orcs known as Morannon Orcs
After the defeat of Isengard at the Battle of the Hornburg, the Rohirrim spared the surviving Dunlendings and used them as workmen to repair the broken walls of the Hornburg
KATHMANDU 1996-08-29
5. Camerlengo 20
PRESS DIGEST - Israel - Aug 25 .
Rugby star once linked to Princess Diana divorces .
He brings him a mighty army to destroy the outer defenses of Rivendell
ATHENS 1996-08-23
Bumbrumug, along with Rukh Stargûsh and other Orcs, was sent to Osgiliath to capture the One Ring
Later in the film, an Orc captain, Yazneg, reports his failure to kill the Dwarves back to Azog, and is thrown to the Wargs by him with an Orc pack camping on Weathertop
They were once Men of the White Mountains, but at the founding of Gondor, they swore an oath to Isildur that they would fight for him
Candiotti ( 8-9 ) walked one , allowed five hits and struck out a season-high eight batters for Los Angeles , which has won 10 of its last 14 games .
The realms of Middle-earth in the First Age included realms of the exiled Ñoldor (who came from Aman), the Sindar, Morgoth, the Dwarves, and Men
Bolg escapes the bridges lower level and attempts to hit Legolas with his mace
FORT LAUDERDALE , Fla. 1996-08-26
Eldacar is a Quenya word meaning Elf-head
Australia foreign minister arrives in China .
The "Atlas" was however published before "The Peoples of Middle-earth", where it was revealed that the Sea of Rhûn existed already in the First Age, thus before the draining of the Sea of Helcar, but anything is stated about the Sea of Núrnen
7 - Todd Martin ( U.S. ) beat Alex O'Brien ( U.S. ) 6-4 6-4
3. Aliuska Lopez ( Cuba ) 12.92
Grimbold is first met in his encampment in the eastern Heathfells region of the Gap of Rohan, where as second-in-command of Prince Théodred he is concerned with slowing the way of the inevitable advance of the Dunlendings
Osgiliath in Sindarin means "Citadel of the Host of Stars": from "ost" ("city, town") and "giliath" ("host of stars")
In Quenya "Quennar" means "Elf-speaker", while "Onótimo" means "Reckoner"
In Valinor, the land of the Valar, a council was called by Manwë, king of the Valar, shortly after Saurons defeat by the Last Alliance of Elves and Men
Little change from today 's weather expected .
Annett Neumann ( Germany ) beat Galina Enioukhina ( Russia ) 2-0 ,
MADRID 1996-08-30
Iraq 's Aziz says Baghdad aiding KDP against rivals .
A Reuters reporter who entered Mahala on Saturday morning found it tranquil but NATO troops and U.N. police were seen on the ground and NATO helicopters flew overhead .
( Sweden ) , Stephen Ames ( Trinidad and Tobago ) , Klas Eriksson
He said he believed all six were being held in the mission compound at Mapourdit and were reported to be in good health .
In the Years of the Trees, when Ungoliant lived in Avathar, she wove a great net of Unlight in a large ravine which became her lair
It is unsure what the nails intended purpose is, but Gandalf in the books is stated to use it as a tool for writing runes and inscriptions on objects like stones, and Bilbos hobbit hole door
1. Wilson Kipketer ( Denmark ) 1:43.34
BELGRADE 1996-08-29
Anglachel was one of two swords Eöl forged from a meteorite
Only after he had left did Turgon have a change of heart, and sent Eagles to fetch him, but they came too late and did not find him
When the Númenóreans colonized the shores of Middle-earth they didnt recognize their kinship with the Hill-men because they didnt speak Taliskan languages
LIMA , Peru 1996-08-21
German international striker Juergen Klinsmann has said he will retire after the 1998 World Cup in France .
Ithildin was a type of specially crafted mithril that only the most experienced craftsmen of the Ñoldor could learn to make and pass on to others
His creations garnered him great praise, and he came to prize the Silmarils above all else
5. Wim Omloop ( Belgium ) Collstrop same time
Greek conservative New democracy party picked Bold / Ogilvy and Mather advertising companies for its pre-election campaign and Spot Thomson to help party president Miltiadis Evert on communication strategy , it said in a statement .
Referring to the Men of Westernesse, or Númenor, and their descendents
And the horns he blew were called the Ulumúri
It was not clear if the start of Yeltsin 's holiday , announced later , would affect plans to talk .
After rudely telling her to step aside, she became enraged and attacked the leader using only her umbrella as a weapon but she lost and was imprisoned in the Lockholes at Michel Delving
Gil-galad was Sindarin for "Star of Radiance", from "gil" ("star") and "galad" ("light, radiance")
Chang committed an untidy 53 unforced errors , though he made seven fewer than the Brazilian , who also walloped a woeful 24 double faults .
The Valar placed a ban on the rebelling Ñoldor who followed Fëanor to Middle-earth in pursuit of Morgoth and the Silmarils he stole
MADRID 1996-08-28
In Houston , Tony Eusebio 's eighth-inning sacrifice fly capped a comeback from a five-run deficit that gave the Houston Astros a 6-5 victory over the Chicago Cubs .
Austria : Michael Konsel , Markus Schopp , Peter Schoettel , Anton Pfeffer , Wolfgang Feiersinger , Stephan Marasek , Dieter Ramusch ( Andreas Ogris 77th ) , Dietmar Kuehbauer , Anton Polster ( ( Herfried Sabitzer 68th ) , Andreas Herzog , Andreas Heraf .
Legolas and Gimli have no choice to but to continue
Arafat to meet Peres in Gaza after flight ban .
The player does not encounter Horn again until much later, when Théodens army makes its way through the Drúadan Forest
While the Men grew in stature and knowledge, Tû "faded before the Sun and hid in the bottomless caverns"
During the War of the Ring at the age of one hundred fifty-three, Thorin fought the Easterlings in the Battle of Dale, and took refuge in the Lonely Mountain after his father was killed at its gates, along with Brand, the King of Dale
Stoors were the only hobbits who normally grew facial hair
The Mouth then becomes one of Saurons generals. However, the Fellowship of the Ring (besides Frodo and Sam, who are undoubtedly dead) arrives with the Army of the Dead. After this army disappears, Sauron and his army destroy the Fellowship, and Mordors armies attack Rivendell. Elrond and Arwen attempt to stop them, but both are slain
(A problem with this inscription is that it is in Sindarin, while Tolkien stated late in his life that Turgon had re-established Quenya as the language of his household in Gondolin (see "The Peoples of Middle-earth", pg
Aragorn led the Army of the Dead through Lamedon
The remaining enemy forces of Azog, consisting of more than 10,000 Guldur Orcs, a dozen Trolls, a few Ogres, and several dozen Goblin Mercenaries also regroup and begin to advance upon the remaining Dwarves
Saruman first appears in "." He arrives in Rivendell for a meeting of the White Council
Police in Berovo , 150 km ( 90 miles ) west of the capital Skopje , said there were around 15,000 people gathered around the town 's cathedral when the lightning struck the group during a thunderstorm .
Green , Jerry Kelly , Tim Simpson , Olin Browne , Shane Bortsch ,
Men began to fear and despise the gift, and began to view it not as liberation, but as damnation
They were originally paired with the Ironfists
We will be guests of the Kennedys , " said Frank Quilter , one of the two who have been invited to Chicago .
The name "Tindómiel" means "Morning Star" from the Quenya "tindome" ("twilight of dawn") and "el" ("star")
Eregion, later known as Hollin, was a realm of the Ñoldorin Elves during the Second Age, located near the West-gate of Khazad-dûm (known later as Moria)
The fortress likely continued to resist even after Helms death as it was later said by Aragorn II Elessar; "Is it not said that no foe has ever taken the Hornburg, if men defended it?" Legacy
Furthermore, the Haladin language seems to share some features with Taliska (such as the plural formation -"in"), but it is unclear if this is a result of their common ancestry, a linguistic borrowing, or a simple consequence of the unclear conceptual history of Tolkiens Mannish languages
LISBON 1996-08-23
The officials had been positive about Kinkel 's request on Wednesday that President Boris Yeltsin 's security chief Alexander Lebed should , on his return to Moscow , meet Tim Goldiman , the OSCE representative responsible for Chechnya , he said .
ATHLETICS - CHRISTIE TO RUN IN BERLIN .
Atlanta Games silver medal winner Edwards has called on other leading athletes to take part in the Sarajevo meeting -- a goodwill gesture towards Bosnia as it recovers from the war in the Balkans -- two days after the grand prix final in Milan .
SOCCER - ROMANIA CLUB BOSS BANNED FOR HEADBUTT .
Spin-bowling all-rounders Nicky Boje and Derek Crookes replace Pollock and Adams , while Gibbs comes in for his Western Province colleague Kallis .
In Grozny , Shkirko told Interfax he was suspending the pullout of troops from the capital until weapons seized by the Chechens were returned .
( Chicago newsdesk 312-408-8720 )
Similarly, the tongue of Dale, from which came the names of the Dwarves of Durins house, was translated by Old Norse, a language related to Anglo-Saxon and modern English as Dalish was related to Rohirric and Westron
She made the stars, filled the Lamps of the Valar with light, collected the dew of the Two Trees in her Wells, fashioned the newer stars and constellations in preparation for the Awakening of the Elves, hallowed the Silmarils, established the courses of the Moon and Sun, and set the Star of Eärendil in the sky
Croatia 's central bank again stayed out of the foreign exchange market .
The U.S. Treasury Department on Wednesday denied Farrakhan 's application to receive the $ 250,000 award or a $ 1 billion donation Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi had pledged to Farrakhan 's Nation of Islam group after they met last January .
Ents as a rule would say nothing in Old Entish unless it was worth taking a long time to say
His siblings were Rorimac (who was the grandfather of Merry), Amaranth, Saradas, Dodinas, Asphodel, and Primula (who was the mother of Frodo Baggins)
"Borlas" is Sindarin for "Enduring joy" from "bor" ("endure") and "glass" or "galas" ("joy")
The unseeded Swede struck quickly , breaking Krajicek in the first game and never let loose his grip on the one hour 44 minute match as he served and volleyed with the grace that made him one of the dominant players of his time .
Captain Paul Prichard plundered 88 from 73 deliveries , hitting 15 fours and one six .
BRUSSELS
The August Chicago NAPM rose 8.8 points to 60.0 , its highest level since 62.6 in February 1995 and the largest monthly rise since December 1993 .
Elrond, having learned of the Elves need for mithril to keep from being forced to leave Middle-earth, brings a proposal to King Durin that would allow the Elves to acquire the metal
During the War of the Ring, Umbar had not fully recovered from this, but could still send 50 great ships and smaller vessels "beyond count", to raid the coast-lands of Gondor and draw off major forces from the defence of Minas Tirith
Speculation that Rubin might not stay in his post grew after he sidestepped questions about any future Cabinet post during television interviews at the Democratic convention in Chicago this week .
It was the counterpart to Helcar which held aloft the other lamp, Illuin
The success of these theatrical cuts brought about four-disc Special Extended Editions, with new editing, added special effects, scenes, and music
Israeli police demolished a 10 metre ( yard ) by 20 metre structure in Jerusalem 's Old City they said had been built with funding from the Palestinian self-rule Authority for use as a social club .
Lauck , from Lincoln , Nebraska , yelled a tirade of abuse at the court after his conviction for inciting racial hatred .
India won the toss and elected to bat against Sri Lanka in the second day-night limited overs cricket match of the Singer World Series tournament on Wednesday .
In the games tutorial for new hobbit and Man characters, the village is burnt down by ruffians
" Even if changes are made to airbags today , we 'd still have 20 million vehicles on the road with current technology , " Dewey said . "
Bank of New Zealand said on Thursday it was cutting its fixed home lending rates .
The band Mithril is a Celtic music quartet located in Alabama in the United States
Succeeding him as head of the movement , Moada , an Arab nationalist , ousted liberals led by MDS secretary-general Mustapha Ben Jaafar in 1993 .
Mideast Gulf oil outlook - India holds the key .
3. Patrik Sjoberg ( Sweden ) 2.25
Together, the couple had two sons, Boromir and Faramir
" During the last 15 days of being held , the fighting in Grozny was very close .
During a brief rest, Legolas is the first to spot a flock of Crebain heading their way
Seeing the morale of their foes being sapped, the Armies of Dale and Erebor led by their new Kings — Bard II and Thorin III Stonehelm — managed to lift the siege on March 27th, driving the Easterlings out of Dale
The Greek socialist party 's executive bureau gave Prime Minister Costas Simitis its backing if he chooses to call snap elections , its general secretary Costas Skandalidis told reporters on Thursday .
TOFTIR , Faroe Islands 1996-08-31
The cars will be jointly marketed by Kia and PT Timor Putra Nasional , controlled by a son of President Suharto , which plans next year to start assembling the vehicles in Indonesia .
The plantation is owned by Dutch citizen Ebe Huizinga , who has since arrived in Costa Rica to deal with the matter .
-- Akron , Ohio , $ 6.31 million improvement bonds .
Middlesbrough 's Italian striker Fabrizio Ravanelli is to wear his team sponsor 's name on the inside of his shirt so it can be seen when he scores .
The anti-drug message is a theme Dole feels has strong voter appeal .
In Seattle ,
2. Inga Babakova ( Ukraine ) 2.03
When Manwë summoned the Valar and the Eldar to a council about the final path of the Sun and the Moon, Ainairos was one of those who spoke for the concealment of Valinor and against the Exiled Noldoli, because many of the Solosimpi became bitter and resentful toward them
The game features a horde of different warriors that can be employed by one of the two available factions, Free Peoples and Minions of Sauron, referred to as Good and Evil in the game
The Mordor Orcs overtook the Northerners and were joined by around forty Isengard Orcs led by Uglúk
Albania asks Greece to explain deportations .
Valandil continued to use the title High King of Arnor, possibly to assert his rights as head of the House of Elendil
At some point by now, Bolg, his wargs, bats, and some goblin mercenaries come ahead of the main Gundabad force
SEATTLE 1996-08-29
He rides down the stairs on an Uruk shield while shooting arrows at the same time
Because the Teleri lingered in Middle-earth during the Great Journey, Ancient Telerin diverged early from Common Eldarin
The name "Radagast" may actually be Anglo-Saxon, and could have several interpretations, but, according to "The Languages of Middle-earth, "this name is derived from a Slavic pagan god
9. Michael Andersson ( Sweden ) Telekom
R. Kaluwitharana b S. Waugh 8
GERMANY - Bunds extended losses , flirting with session lows after falling victim to sharply higher U.S. economic data which revived fears that interest rates may soon turn higher .
Although mainly riding upon a horse for the majority of the trilogy, the Witch-king took up the fellbeast towards the end of the War of the Ring
In Vaduz : Vaduz ( Liechtenstein ) 1 RAF Riga ( Latvia ) 1 ( 0-0 )
Following Saurons fall, Éomer and his men went back to Edoras to attend to affairs of the kingdom, returning later to bear the body of Théoden back to his home for burial, where Éomer was formally crowned as King
Chang blamed breezy conditions for some of the erratic play in his match with Oncins , who had beaten him in the round of 32 at the 1992 Barcelona Olympics .
This means that he could only have a son after he died in Middle-earth, and went to the Halls of Mandos
Some minor damage had been reported in the spa town of Hanmer .
Morgoths army was made up of many dark creatures
The Orc prepares to cut it off, but some other power stops him in his tracks
The boat had been missing since Monday afternoon when it left the tiny island of Gorgona off Colombia 's southwest coast with sightseers for a return trip to Narino province , near the border with Ecuador .
But now that Windows NT 4.0 has been launched , Winkler and others believe only a relatively small proportion of corporate users will elect to pay the added software and hardware costs needed to use it instead of Windows 95 .
66 Neal Lancaster , Dave Barr ( Canada ) , Mike Sullivan , Willie
Bar Erib is a Sindarin word that meant Dwelling of the Lonely Ones
Relations between the two countries are currently under strain because of the testimony in a Berlin court of former Iranian president Abolhassan Banisadr .
Spring Chg HRW 12pct Chg White Chg
Incumbent president Lennart Meri won 49 votes compared to 34 won by his rival , deputy Parliamentary Speaker Arnold Ruutel .
As described in "Unfinished Tales", the Númenóreans used a short sword called an eket
This track plays sometime during the "Of Herbs and Stewed Rabbit" scene of Sam, Gollum, and Frodo and their encounter with the passing army of Haradrim and Mûmakil
Mablung became Captain of the Guard of Doriath after Beleg left to seek Túrin
Idrial says that she could not always be around to protect them, so she had Aranel watch over them
By 1403 GMT the shares were down 1.70 guilders to 61.00 guilders , falling in a weaker Amsterdam bourse .
Stansted , London 's third-busiest airport after Heathrow and Gatwick , is located about 30 miles ( 48 km ) northeast of the capital .
It said last Friday they were visited by Monsignor Caesar Mazzolari , apostolic administrator of the diocese of Rumbek in southern Sudan , and an SPLA administrator and appeared in good condition .
Standings ( tabulate under games played , won , drawn , lost ,
Between films and television, Hadlow works in Christchurchs Court Theatre, where he has directed, produced, and acted in many plays
Rómendacil was a Quenya word that meant East-victor
She became the first ruling Queen of Númenor
In the past week Clinton signed into law an increase in the minimium wage , a bill that makes it easier for someone with a pre-existing health problem to change jobs , and sweeping changes overhauling the nation 's welfare system .
It plays when Boromir examines the shards of Narsil in Rivendell, and Aragorn then puts the hilt that Boromir dropped back on the platform
Trolls were strong and vicious, but generally dim-witted
Formed where the Glanduin (mistakenly labelled as "Swanfleet river" on some maps) joined the Greyflood, the Swanfleet was effectively an inland delta, with uncertain streams and a very uncertain difference between land and water
" We 've been working all year on my follow-through , and I really concentrated on that , " VanLandingham said . "
In Lake-town, Kíli becomes gravely ill from the poisoned arrow and Thorin orders him left behind
Manthor was the son of Agathor and Meleth
In Venezuela , her mother told Reuters that Machado had a swollen face when she left home two weeks ago because she had her wisdom teeth extracted .
Gas oil , assessed at $ 24.00 - $ 24.20 a barrel fob Gulf , was little changed on Thursday from last week 's $ 24.10 - $ 24.24 .
Nearly 100 students have been injured in the clashes in Dhaka and Bogra , police told reporters .
VALLETTA 1996-08-26
This week , the market weighed Dole 's proposal to lower federal income taxes by 15 percent across the board , a package that carries a price tag of $ 548 billion .
Penalties : Wessels 2 .
Each represented a side of Sauron, the Black Hand of Sauron was that of lying, deceit and manipulation, the Tower of Sauron was the horror and viciousness of Sauron and the Hammer of Sauron was power and might. They were among the highest ranking members of Saurons forces, with similar status to Agandaûr and the Nazgûl during the War of the Ring
Upon hearing the news, the man Waldreg led around half of Tirharads former inhabitants to accept Adars offer, leaving the remainder in the watchtower of Ostirith
The Valarin word for Telperion is, for example, "Ibrîniðilpathânezel", which is eight syllables long
He was extraordinarily renowned for his skill both as a warrior and as a diplomat
Alba ( Germany ) 75 Red Star ( Yugoslavia ) 70 ( 42-41 )
PARIS 1996-08-31
PRESS DIGEST - Lebanon - Aug 26 .
At the Butte prospect , the Garrington 4-8 has reached total depth of 11,500 and has logged 278 feet of Leduc Reef .
Saurons rule was interrupted again when his efforts to destroy Gondor failed; his forces were driven back and the Last Alliance of Elves and Men formed to oppose him
6. Fujiwara 38:33.595
But Théoden was fatally crushed by his horse, Snowmane, after being attacked by the Witch-kings fellbeast
Jiang also acknowledged the Central African nation 's support for China 's stance on Taiwan , which Beijing views as a renegade province , while Bongo was quoted as thanking China for economic and technological aid , the agency said late on Monday .
Right fielder Bobby Bonilla was after the ball , which was touched by fans at the top of the scoreboard in right .
In the game "," mithril is three lore items, and the rarest currency is a Mithril bar, worth a hundred silver coins, while in the game MUME ("Multi-Users in Middle-earth") several legendary items are made from mithril, including the best armour available in the game, which can be found in Moria, some of which requires a group to defeat the Balrog (Durins Bane) to obtain the key to its treasury
But the separatist command told Interfax news agency the patrols , part of the truce brokered by Lebed last week , would begin on Tuesday after delays for " technical reasons " .
The name Eärendur is a Quenya word that means Servant of the Sea
England soccer manager Glen Hoddle confirmed on Wednesday that the Liverpool pair of Steve McManaman and Robbie Fowler would miss England 's World Cup qualifying match against Moldova on Sunday .
Alcarondas was as lavish as it was martial, with many golden masts and a specially made throne for the king
The Quenya name of Belegaer, never used in published writing, is "Alatairë"
Huber , who lost to Monica Seles in the Australian Open final , fell victim to an unfortunate draw in bowing to dangerous floater Amanda Coetzer of South Africa .
Commercial TV includes pro rata share of sales and operating profits in Dutch group HMG and Belgium 's VTM .
The first part of its name, "nim", means "white" in Sindarin
In spite of the collective fear gripping Matagalpa 's drinkers , local women expressed little sympathy .
HONG KONG 1996-08-29
Fire-drakes (in Quenya Urulóki) was one term used for fire-breathing dragons in J.R.R. Tolkiens writings
Centre Frank Bunce said he had never felt so exhausted during a match .
In fact, from the viewpoint of speakers of Quenya, Telerin was still largely intelligible and has been considered a dialect of their language
He reasoned that the Army of the West could not defeat Saurons host on the battlefield, and demanded the Army surrender
Nori did little to distinguish himself during the Dwarvess adventures in the wild, though he shared the same array of experiences as the others of the Company: captured in turn by Trolls, Goblins, Spiders, and Elves, they eventually reached the distant Lonely Mountain and recovered it for Durins Folk
When Aragorn and the Captains of the West led their forces to Mordor, Faramir and Éowyn remained in the Houses, where they fell in love
It is however unclear if these refer to Dwarves beyond the Iron Hills (the most eastern known stronghold of the Dwarves) Because Dwarves were not evil by nature, few ever served the Enemy of their own free will
By now 27 years old, Helm would become the Crown Prince of Rohan and first in line to the throne Like the reign of Helms grandfather King Déor, the reign of Helms father King Gram saw a continuation of hostilities with the Dunlendings who would operate from the captured palace of Isengard to raid Rohan
HAARLEM , Netherlands 1996-08-27
The root of the term "omentielva" is Quenya for "meeting"
Japan 74,600
I. Salisbury not out 0
A force consisting of nearly 10,000 Guldur Orcs, four armored trolls, and fifteen Ogres began their advance towards the walls of Dale, while seven massive trolls, each of them carrying a catapult on their backs manned by a crew of seven Goblin Mercenaries climb out of the tunnels and set up their positions on a hilltop facing Dale
SOCCER - NORWAY ELITE DIVISION RESULTS / STANDINGS .
The Shires peace was next disturbed by events stemming from Bilbo Baggins acquisition of the One Ring
2:30.67 Christine Wachtel ( Germany ) Berlin 17.8.90
Morgoths main warriors were Orcs, which comprised the bulk of the army
7 - Jana Novotna ( Czech Republic ) beat Francesca Lubiani ( Italy )
Luehrs said digital technology in set-top boxes is only the beginning and said the technology will eventually show up in retail consumer electronics .
Baker made secret trip to Syria in March 1995 .
5. Colin Edwards ( U.S. ) Yamaha 176
2. Tim Forsyth ( Australia ) 2.30
In ", after Thorin and Company are cornered by Azog and his Orc pack after their escape from Goblin-town in the Misty Mountains, they fend off Azog and his followers by starting a fire, but Thorin confronts Azog and is defeated and wounded, but Bilbo and the others defend him by fighting against the Orcs and Wargs until eventually they are rescued by the Eagles, who also take out some of Azogs pet Wargs, much to his fury
In 1986 Romania suffered an epidemic of the more dangerous bacterial meningitis which has killed some 15,000 people in central Africa this year .
" This is really positive news for Pirelli , and I expect that it will produce one of the best half-year results in late September compared to other industrial Italian companies , " said analyst Paula Buratti at Indosuez .
WINNIPEG 1996-08-28
After his father Thrór was beheaded by Azog in Moria, Thráin became the rightful King under the Mountain as well as the King of Durins Folk
The company tried to eliminate Smaug themselves by burying him under molten gold made in the forges; however, the trap failed
Hearts - Dave McPherson ( 44th )
During these meetings, Alwin Arundel Lowdham discusses his lucid dreams about Númenor; through these dreams, he "discovers" much about the Númenor story and the languages of Middle-earth (notably Quenya, Sindarin, and Adûnaic)
The name Saelon might have been related to the Sindarin "sael" ("Wise")
A similar version of this game was also published for the
After landing in Middle-earth, the Ñoldor were attacked by an army of Orcs, leading to the Dagor-nuin-Giliath
Kornblum gave no indication that he had won any specific commitment from Milosevic , the patron of the Bosnian Serbs , to rectify any abuses in the registration process .
Marach and his people crossed the Blue Mountains into Beleriand during the First Age after the Bëorians and the Haladin
In the history of Arda, only four seers are known by name: The Council of Elrond is the name of one of the many existing "Lord of the Rings" online forums in which users celebrate and study, colloquially though not scholastically, the of Tolkien as well as Peter Jacksons movie adaptations
Bert Lauwers
HERZLIYA , Israel 1996-08-31
Another four people were also questioned at the weekend but had not been detained , Bourlet added .
The scimitar in the picture is actually a falchion; a scimitar is a backwards-curving blade on a J-shaped handle with a cross-guard that curved up on the sharp side and down on the dull side
1. Jonathan Edwards ( Britain ) 17.50 metres
Aulë at the prayer of Yavanna forged two mighty lamps, named Illuin and Ormal
The heroes were split whether to chase after the Mûmakil or rescue their companions from the spiders
A blind 10-year-old boy from China sneaked over the border into Hong Kong and was arrested as an illegal immigrant , Hong Kong police said on Tuesday .
The conflict , which killed more than 500 and caused thousands to flee to neighbouring French Guiana in the late 1980s , eventually paved the way to democratic elections in 1991 .
Húrin met up again with the outlaws, and together with a few of the Haladin, they went to Nargothrond, where Húrin killed the Petty-dwarf Mîm who had claimed the treasure of Glaurung, earning a curse on the gold
The Elves in the film series use curved swords, whereas the author mostly assigns such swords to Orcs and enemy Men (he mentions one Elf in particular bearing a curved sword in very early writings)
He prophesied that either Arvedui would change his name and become king of a great realm or that many lives of men would pass until the same chance arose
" The girls said they went to Belgium voluntarily and the police suspect that they were used to act in pornographic films . "
The Deep, which stood next to and behind the fortress, was barred by the long Deeping Wall, which was thick enough for four men to walk abreast and was twenty feet high
Bosnia 's Moslem political parties have urged their refugees to boycott the elections until irregularities with voter registration are resolved .
Hendrik Dreekmann ( Germany ) beat Thomas Johansson ( Sweden )
After the Stewards took up the rule of the south kingdom, the remnant of the Dúnedain of Gondor still defended the passage of the Anduin against the terrors of Minas Morgul and against all the enemies of the West
"See separate article "Rohirric"." Rohirric was, like the languages of all Men, akin to Adûnaic, the language of the Edain
It had called for similar precautions at other overseas missions , including those in Canada and Bangladesh where leftist groups have staged protests over the crackdown .
Durin refuses, however, and the younger Durin bids a tearful farewell to Elrond before he witnesses the mithril fragment actually undo the corruption found on the leaf Elrond brought
A powerful right hook followed by a straight left gave defending champion Nate Miller a seventh round knock-out win over fellow American James Heath in their WBA cruiserweight title bout on Saturday .
The race continues on Friday with the 178 kilometre fifth-stage from Zevenaar to Venray .
Thorin enters, intending to rescue Kíli, who is instead impaled by Bolg
-- Helsinki Newsroom +358 - 0 - 680 50 245
A jar tumbles off a rotting shelf and shatters on the stones, to which Alfrid discovers that it is filled with gold and silver coins from the Lonely Mountain
Angrist (Sindarin: "Iron-cutter") was a knife made by Telchar of Nogrod and borne by Curufin
-- National Economy Minister Yannos Papandoniou defends " hard drachma " foreign exchange policy , says it wo n't change
Former Wallaby captain Michael Lynagh began his career in English club rugby in impeccable fashion on Saturday to frustrate his old coach Bob Dwyer on his league coaching debut with Leicester .
Richard Finn
Aulë had made Loriens halls of mist gathered beyond Avathar upon the Shadowy Seas
CLEVELAND 80 54 .597 -
Entish was the unifying and most common language of the Ents, a race of tree-like beings created by the Valar Yavanna
Lost in Emyn Muil is the third soundtrack of the Complete Recordings of "." Background
Tim Henman ( Britain ) beat Roberto Jabali ( Brazil ) 6-2 6-3 6-4
Along with his son Tal-Elmar, Hazad warned the town-master Mogru that Númenórean ships were approaching Middle-earth shores
Merrys Simple Courage is the twenty-eighth soundtrack of the Complete Recordings of ""
Angainor was constructed by the Vala Aulë, and it held Melkor for three ages after he was seized from Utumno before the First Age
It was owned by Ted Sandyman and was burned down by Ruffians during the Scouring of the Shire
The decision to attempt a dropped goal was a spontaneous one , Brooke said .
During Sharkeys rule of the Shire in the latter-half of the War of the Ring, a band of rebel Hobbits including Fredegar Bolger hid in the Brockenbores near the Hills of Scary until they were caught by the Ruffians
The Italian prime minister , in office since May 18 , will be the first Western leader to meet Islamist Prime Minister Necmettin Erbakan since he came to power on June 28 .
The players must get him to Rhosgobel while also collecting enough Athelas to heal Wilyador from his wounds
Elven Rope is the second soundtrack of the Complete Recordings of
Isengard: The army of the White Wizard Saruman is feared in close quarters
+3 Jim Furyk through 16
3. Pelham 10-1 ( Warren O'Connor )
The Exile of the Noldor, also known as the Flight of the Noldor, was the historical period when many of the Ñoldor left Aman for Middle-earth under the leadership of Fëanor and Fingolfin after the destruction of the Two Trees, seeking revenge for the murder of Finwë and theft of the Silmarils by Melkor
His Uruks army includes pikemen, swordsmen, crossbowmen, sappers, scouts, and berserkers
However, Vanyarin Quenya was generally more conservative than Ñoldorin Quenya
The three-year-old , partnered by veteran George Duffield , snatched a short head verdict in the last stride to deny Eveningperformance ( 16-1 ) , trained by Henry Candy and ridden by Chris Rutter .
Sam later uses the rope to tie-up Gollum, which causes him considerable pain due to the corruption wrought by the power of the One Ring on his body
The props for the dead Mûmakil shown on the field after the battle were the largest props used in production
Makinen , with 95 points , now leads his nearest championship rival , Sainz , by 32 points .
- Five people arrested in Romania after drugs container found in Malta .
Ajax , without injured defenders Marcio Santos and Winston Bogarde and strikers Jari Litmanen and Marc Overmars , then stepped up the pace and looked certain to equalise .
Adept with swords and daggers, he can hold his own against multiple Uruks at once, amplified thanks to his new Wraith abilities
BRUSSELS 1996-08-23
-- ( New York commodities desk 212 859 1646 )
JOHANNESBURG 1996-08-23
Along with his father and his brothers Golfin and Delin, he led the host of the Gnomes to the Great Lands and his banner had "golden swallow that winged through an azure field as it were the sky set with silver stars"
Seeing that Thorin is beyond reason, the Elves and Men assembled an army to besiege the Dwarves inside Erebor until Thorin relinquishes some of his gold
The Black Serpent was an emblem of the Haradrim during the War of the Ring
The planned reopening of Afghanistan 's main northern Salang highway as a result of peace talks with an opposition alliance has been put off until Wednesday , official Kabul Radio said on Sunday .
Liam caught a taxi back to London saying he had " problems at home " .
"Dú" - Sindarin for night, dimness
Leeds 1 ( Sharpe 58th minute ) Wimbledon 0 .
Paul Haarhuis ( Netherlands ) vs. Michael Joyce ( U.S. )
Many people thought that the One Ring was the symbol standing for the Atomic bomb
1714 - The Treaty of Baden was signed between the Holy Roman Emperor Charles VI and France , ending War of Spanish Succession .
The Zastava works in the central town of Kragujevac is the backbone of Serbia 's defence industry , supplying the army with a whole range of weapons .
Freca came to the kings council at Edoras in TA 2754 backed by a force of many men to propose a marriage between his son Wulf and Helms daughter
Palestinian President Yasser Arafat has demanded that Israel release Yassin -- who is confined to a wheelchair -- on humanitarian grounds .
Finn agrees, and swears an oath of peace: the Danes and Hengests men will lay down their arms, and since they cannot leave Frys-Land until the winter ends, they will sit at Finns table and technically accept him as their protector (since he was now their only possible source of food and maintenance, and they had intended to be his guests throughout the winter anyway.) Finn gives the Danes a separate hall to dwell in for the winter, specifying that they shall share it with the sons of the Jutes (meaning Hengest and his band.) He also swears that any one of his own thanes who tries to renew the feud (by taunting the Danes that they now follow the slayer of their lord) will be punished, possibly with death, by Finn himself
Netanyahu met Weizman last Tuesday and voiced his opposition , Yedioth said .
Analysts said Wall Street had grown accustomed to a moderate Republican in the form of Democratic President Clinton .
The finest of these pieces was the Nauglamír
Athelas was first brought to Middle-earth by Númenóreans, but by the end of the Third Age the knowledge of its healing properties was lost among all but the Rangers of the North and the Elves, and it was commonly considered by most men and hobbits to be a useless weed
MTK 3 Ferencvaros 0
RUGBY UNION - TELFER CONFIRMED FOR LIONS COACHING ROLE .
Dan Jenson ( Australia ) beat 3 - Brett Martin ( Australia ) 15-9 17-14 7-15 9-15 15-14
Venezuela FinMin to make statement midday Thursday .
She is presumed to have been killed, captured or to have escaped along with Lithariel, but her fate is ultimately unknown
" We are Israelis , there is no question about that , " said Karem Haj Yihye , a hotel waiter .
Fastred rode to Gondor with Théodens army in the year TA 3019, and was thereafter slain in the Battle of the Pelennor Fields
Many Orkish dialects had adopted words from the Black Speech
The Stoors, however, who in early times did not dwell in the Shire, are said to have probably adopted speech similar to Dunlendish
SINGAPORE 1996-08-29
Annael survived the attack and he and his people eventually came to Círdan in the southern part of Beleriand
Filippo Veglio ( Switzerland ) beat Christian Ruud ( Norway ) 1-6 6
9. Keiji Kojima ( Japan ) 1:05.300
Doctors operated on Popov , 24 , for three hours .
Still furious, Helm proclaimed all of Frecas kin the enemies of Rohan
He used the information he had gathered and wrote in Sindarin a very long, in fact the longest of all from that time, lay in the verse-mode called Minlamad thent/estent
After playing flute, euphonium, and trombone for different ensembles throughout Holland, he became the principal guest conductor of both the New York Wind Symphony and the Kyushu Wind Orchestra in Fukuoka, Japan, and a frequent guest conductor for the Simón Bolívar Youth Wind Orchestra in Caracas, Venezuela
The unrest that eventually built up to the Kin-strife began when Valacar, the son of King Rómendacil II of Gondor, married a woman of the Northmen of Rhovanion, Vidumavi
In the Second Age, a mysterious sword-hilt was discovered by the Men of the Southlands
6. Costantino Rocca ( Italy ) 253,337
Each Éored was also supposed to comprise one one-hundredth of the whole Muster of Rohan, not including the household of the King
He says that Gandalfs sword is called Glamdring the Foe-Hammer, and Thorins sword is called Orcrist the Goblin Cleaver, and that they are Elven blades
The Earth-kin, also known as Ogres or Jorthkyn (pronounced "Yorkin", as they called themselves), were a peaceful, tribal, Giant-type of beings
Reuters cameraman Liutauras Stremaitis said a column of around 40 vehicles , including tanks , armoured personnel carriers , artillery cannons and lorries , escorted by Chechen rebels , pulled out of the village of Shatoi towards the border , around 50 km ( 31 miles ) to the north .
But gunmen of the left and right have killed with impunity across Antioquia for years , and there were unconfirmed reports that the latest bloodshed was the work of a right-wing paramilitary group .
132 Miguel Angel Martin ( Spain ) 66 66 , Raymond Russell 63 69 ,
Old Winyards was a type of from the Southfarthing of the Shire
During the night Bard puts Alfrid on watch duty, on which he falls asleep, failing to observe the arrival of Thranduils army
between one-third of two-fifths of its annual plan , " said Tamas Erdei , a Budapest-based analyst for ABN-AMRO Hoare Govett .
Before leaving, Agandaûr tells the dragon it would be wise not to defy Sauron, and that hell leave behind some warriors just in case
However, Smaug survives the scalding gold and erupts from the molten pool, roaring that he will show the Dwarves what revenge really is
MINSK 1996-08-31
This entire etymology was dropped as Tolkien further revised the linguistic history of his world, and cannot be applied to the later languages of Middle-earth
When Sauron placed the One Ring on his finger, claiming dominance over all the Rings of Power and their bearers, the Elves knew his true identity and intentions
The Arkenstone was placed upon Thorins chest within his tomb deep under the Lonely Mountain, and so was returned to the earth at last
When most of the men have abandoned the town, Bard, the captain of the archers, readies his last arrow
It is shown in several maps made of Middle-earth that vast ancient forests flanked both sides of the Blue Mountains, even after the gargantuan felling of Eriadors great forests by the men of Númenor with their incessant appetite for lumber
Together with Túrin, he became for a while a captain against Morgoth, and the land they dwelt in became known as the "Land of Bow and Helm" or Dor-Cúarthol in Sindarin
In TA 1975, an army led by Prince Eärnur of Gondor crossed this river on their way to defeat the Witch-king of Angmar at the Battle of Fornost
Northwest from Gatsons farm was a small Dwarven mining settlement, Othrikar, inhabited by a Dwarf clan called the Longbeards who constantly had to defend their precious mines from attacks by another Dwarf clan, the Dourhands
Ossë (Quenya or Ñoldor; IPA: ; from the Valarin Ošošai, Oššai) was a Maia associated with Ulmo
During the sack of Menegroth, Narthseg, just like Ufedhin, chose to betray his king revealing crucial information that help the treacherous Dwarves from Belegost and Nogrod to pass the Girdle of Melian and enter in Menegroth, order to seize the Nauglamír
Stoke 3 3 0 0 5 2 9
3. Margaret Crowley ( Australia ) 2:02.40
England beat Pakistan by five wickets to win the first one-day ( 50 overs-a-side ) international at Old Trafford on Thursday .
The chieftain of the Lossoth counseled Arvedui not to go aboard the ships and face the bitter northern winter, but the King refused and went anyway
(the best match for this particular Nazgûl is also Herumor or Fuinur who came from Númenor island to the south during the second age, even though either one or both of them became the Lords of Haradrim
To escape the evil of Morgoth and his followers, the Atanatári were the first to flee Hildórien, travelling west and eventually coming to Beleriand
The U.N. Department of Humanitarian Affairs ( DHA ) , which has to coordinate the distribution of food , medicine and other goods , increased the number of monitors earlier this month at the insistence of the United States .
King Birendra of Nepal has told China his nation will not become the tool of people who want Tibetan independence from Beijing , the official China Daily newspaper said on Saturday .
The metal was best known for being what Melkos (Melkor) bonds were made of which were known as "Angaino", the great chain, "Vorotemnar", the manacles, and "Ilterindi", the fetters
Cremonese 2 Udinese 1
These authors were members of The Inklings, an informal literary discussion group at that met during the years from the 1930s to the 1950s
However Thorin, whilst being pinned down then impales the Defiler with Orcrist and then flips him over and impales him again, but this time pushing Orcist even deeper into the Defilers torso, forcing the sword to penetrate straight through the icy surface causing the Orc to stabbed onto the ice, a few seconds later the Defiler then dies, whilst looking into the eyes of his greatest foe
After the Morgoth was defeated in the War of Wrath, the Doom was lifted and many of the Ñoldorin Exiles went back to the Undying Lands save for Galadriel and the Ñoldor and Sindar who followed Gil-galad
After this, they remove their hoods, revealing black masks and armor underneath
Ar-Pharazôn was the son of Gimilkhâd, leader of the Kings Men during the reign of Tar-Palantir of Númenor
It said the liner was heading to Dalian from the northern port of Tianjin , it said .
Gorcrows were a legendary, potentially apocryphal species of carrion-birds related to crows, whom of which made habitat in the same irriguous marshes as the Mewlips
Mark Brooks , Tom Lehman and Mark O'Meara , who make up the rest of the top four on the money list , also took the week off .
PARIS 1996-08-27
When Bolg leaves, Azog orders the army to continue and the Lieutenant raises his axe and shouts an order in Orkish or the Black Speech
-- Joyce Liu ( 2-5080815 )
In the first two films, Thorin is seen with different kinds of weapons aside Orcrist; he wields an axe, swords, bow, and an oaken branch
The motion was put forward by Sen .
Shanghai novelist murdered at home .
The four hobbits collect as many allies as they can and defeat his army of Ruffians at the Battle of Bywater
3 - Wayne Ferreira ( South Africa ) beat Todd Woodbridge
(It is not known whether Squire played him in the live-action recordings used for .) Gollum’s island, also known as Slimy island, was the home of Gollum during the time he dwelt in a cave near Goblin-town under the Misty Mountains
Mallor was a Sindarin word that meant gold- ?
Chile 's state oil company Empresa Nacional del Petroleo ( ENAP ) bought a second spot cargo of Oriente and nearly one million barrels of Escravos in a recent tender , traders said Wednesday .
While the robbery was going on , several officers were asleep in a room over the canteen , which is in the grounds of the prison on Ireland 's southwest coast .
At this point Saruman had begun to sense the resurgence of Sauron and to envy and desire his power, and especially the One Ring
The importance of hunting in the life of the Earth-kin was symbolized by the figure of the First Hunter, one of the most important roles within the tribe
Usually the neo-languages arent original works, but are created from comparative and reconstructive methods from the canonical sources
Two days after the council of the Last Debate (March 16, TA 3019), a force of 7,000 men left Minas Tirith
6. Mark McNulty ( Zimbabwe ) 254,247
When Annatar was later revealed to be the Dark Lord Sauron, Celebrimbor and his people tried to stop the Rings from entering Saurons possession, but could only rescue the Three: Vilya, Narya, and Nenya
Pakistan were 318 for two at lunch on the third day of the third and final test at The Oval on Saturday in reply to England 's 326 all out .
6. Pier Francesco Chili ( Italy ) Ducati 175
The next year a close friend was struck by a stray bullet while riding home in a car from a soccer game in Sao Paulo .
" I think I 'm much more focused on what I have to do , and that 's playing tennis , " Medvedev said after routing Frenchman Jean-Philippe Fleurian 6-2 6-0 6-1 in the opening round of the U.S. Open .
Mushtaq Ahmed 3 5 1 44 20 11.00
Anne-Gaelle Sidot ( France ) beat Janette Husarova ( Slovakia ) 6-4 6-4
-- Amsterdam newsroom +31 20 504 5000 , Fax +31 20 504 5040
The Elves had filled the hobbits water bottles with a honey-scented, pale gold drink that was very invigorating
CRICKET - AUSTRALIA 263-7 IN 50 OVERS V ZIMBABWE .
PARIS 1996-08-28
Ford had a poor morning with Spaniard Carlos Sainz losing 90 seconds through turbo trouble while Belgian Bruno Thiry dropped four minutes when a transmission shaft snapped .
He has an extremely arrogant habit of demanding respect which he hasnt even come close to earning
Only about 100 refugees a week are returning voluntarily to Rwanda in contrast to the 600 babies born in the camps weekly .
** The Jakarta composite index rose 2.60 points , or 0.48 percent , to 542.20 points on Wednesday on the back of bargain-hunting in selected big-capitalised stocks and secondliners .
In Túrins childhood, he could recall seeing the High King for the first time, when he and his lords crossed it clad in glittering silver and white
Fastest lap : Aoki 147.786 kph
It should go to the Keepers of the Three." Eldacar was the fourth High King of Arnor
Clinton will hit the road on Friday for a bus tour across several states in his fight to become the first Democratic incumbent re-elected to a second term since the days of Franklin D. Roosevelt .
The Twenty-first Hall was located on the seventh level, and the North-end, of the Dwarven kingdom of Khazad-dûm
1913 - Sir Anthony Quayle born .
Fulcheri declined comment on the differences between the U.N. and Iraq , saying only : " There are several different things which still need to be done . "
9. Andersson 1 minute 32 seconds
Túvo protected Men and Elves from the Úvanimor and from evil fays, and Orcs besides
M. Atherton lbw b Mushtaq Ahmed 1
Panamanian boxing legend Roberto " Hands of Stone " Duran climbs into the ring on Saturday in another age-defying attempt to sustain his long career .
He came unto the timeless halls where shining fall the countless year, and endless reigns the Elder King in Ilmarin on Mountain sheer; and words unheard were spoken then of folk of Men and Elven-kin, beyond the world were visions showed forbid to those that dwell therein
Brazil to use hovercrafts for Amazon travel .
Badger-folk - Balchoth - Balrogs - Barrow-wights - Bëorians - Beornings (Skin-changers) - Black Númenóreans C
After the War of the Ring, Éomer returned to Minas Tirith with an éored of Rohans fairest knights to escort the body of their slain King home for burial
We 're looking for it to stabilise now , " said one Euromark options trader at a U.S. bank .
Her birth name Urwen means "Fire maiden", from Sindarin words "ur" ("fire") and "-wen" ("maiden")
Swiss bond market closing report .
Amroths House was the seat of Amroth, the last King of Lórien
UNITED STATES - Prices of U.S. Treasury securities were trading sharply lower near midday after a surprisingly strong Chicago Purchasing Managers ' report shook the markets ahead of the long Labour Day weekend .
The final battle prophesied at the end of the legendarium, Dagor Dagorath (the Final Battle), bears many resemblances to (literally "fate of the Gods"), the battle which destroys the Norse universe
Hopefully , this will have been my nerves for the whole tournament . "
Midfielders - Richard Witschge ( Ajax ) , Philip Cocu ( PSV ) , Wim Jonk ( PSV ) , Aron Winter ( Internazionale ) , Jean-Paul van Gastel ( Feyenoord ) , Clarence Seedorf ( Real Madrid ) .
Arda was made spherical, and Aman was put further beyond Middle-earth, out of the reach of mortal men
-- Bangkok newsroom ( 662 ) 652-0642
The Dayton peace accords guaranteed refugees the right to return to their homes and ensured freedom of movement across ethnic lines .
Allen said the commission could announce the names of subpoenaed persons on Monday next week .
The gates parapet was of red gold
"Hallacar" might have been Quenya for "tall helmet", from "halla" ("tall") + "car(ma)" ("helmet")
Afterwards, Finarfin and many of his followers departed and returned to Tirion, but Finrod chose to continue onto Middle-earth with the host of Fingolfin
Anton Schutte , an official with the embassy for Belgium , the Netherlands and Luxembourg , said the Dutch government had ruled out paying any money in ransom . "
Thingol was unwilling to surrender the treasure and replied with an impertinent answer
One day, Saelon mentioned to Borlas a Dark Tree, and the leader of a secret cult, Herumor
Peter Jacksons "The Lord of the Rings" trilogy
It was Men who amassed fleets of ships for the purposes of exploration and war
"Almáriel" means "blessed woman" in Quenya
6. Koerts 7
Bowling : Lewis 23-3-112-0 , Mullally 37.1-7-97-3 , Croft
They swing both weapons at the same time as if they had a two-handed axe
Voronwë and Eärendil set sail in Vingilot and were driven south to the dark regions where the fire mountains were
In the ensuing battle, the men of Rohan were shown to have the superior weaponry and horsemanship
American Dennis Mitchell upstaged a trio of past and present Olympic 100 metres champions on Friday with a storming victory at the Brussels grand prix .
-- Islamabad newsroom 9251-274757
In "The Fellowship of the Ring," the Last Alliance of Elves and Men faces Sauron himself
9. Tatian Stiajkina ( Ukraine ) 3:52.204
The Mountain-trolls make dangerous opponents in battle
"Your wildest dreams" (Potter) - 5:12 2
He probably fashioned the weapons that he used, or perhaps Aulë assisted him, as he worked with and used many hand tools
Being the most beautiful place in Arda, the Gardens of Lòrien were set upon a unique natural background containing forest groves, flowers, silver willows, fountains, and lakes; the overall color scheme seems to have been silver
Bard fired his Black Arrow and struck the hollow by Smaugs left breast and the dragon fell from the sky, landing on Lake-town and destroying it
STANSTED , England 1996-08-27
It was forged during the First Age by the Dwarf Telchar, making it a cousin to the knife Angrist which cut a Silmaril from the crown of Morgoth
Taliska was the language spoken by the first host, while the second host, which included a strange folk called Drûg, spoke a different language
Upon arriving, Fëanors eldest son Maedhros at once asked who would return upon the ships to ferry the rest of their people, but Fëanor contemptuously decided to burn the ships and leave the followers of Fingolfin behind
Like all Trolls, Mountain-trolls originated from Morgoths twisting and crossbreeding of other creatures of the world, and later became minions of Sauron
The Mirkwood Centipede was a large ghostly-white centipede that lived below the trees in Mirkwood, in Peter Jacksons film ""
But his greatest creation had been the Silmarils, three diamond-like gems in which the intermingled light of the Two Trees of Valinor had been captured
8. Charles-Michael Friedek ( Germany ) 16.12
Now that the party conventions are over , Republicans have signalled they are ready to move into the next phase of the campaign and meet with President Clinton 's aides to hammer out details of presidential debates .
Peter Blackburn
Valwë was a Ñoldorin Elf of Tol Eressëa, in early stages of J.R.R. Tolkiens mythology
Orithil was the third day of the week for the Grey-elves and the Dunedain, which means "Moons day" in Sindarin
But Sweden 's Olympic high hurdles champion Ludmila Engquist , who crashed out of last week 's meeting in Zurich after hitting a hurdle , also kept her footing perfectly to win in a fast 12.60 seconds .
2. England 8.61
They dug up some of the buried treasure the Dwarves had buried earlier, most of which Bilbo offered to Gandalf to use to aid the peoples of Middle-earth
Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
The Easterlings of Rhûn also suffered a terrible defeat as their Orc allies fled in terror from the Battle of the Black Gate
In a break from tradition , the Open did not seed in strict accordance with ATP rankings , instead taking into account other factors that raised objections of favourtism toward U.S. players .
ROTTERDAM 1996-08-26
4. Emilio Valle ( Cuba ) 13.52
The pre-1974 library (including the "classic four" Christmas specials) remained under the ownership of GE
Following his corruption by Sauron, however, Saruman used the Dunlendings historical hostility against Rohan to tempt them into supporting him during the War of the Ring
Reeve , 43 , was classically trained as an actor but became the prototypical handsome leading man .
China has pledged support for the pact since reaching a deal with the United States that made international inspections of nuclear sites more difficult than in earlier drafts of the accord .
That is where the plane is being directed to , " Ruth Collin of Essex police , the force responsible for Stansted , said .
Carlos Costa ( Spain ) vs. Magnus Gustafsson ( Sweden )
To bat - Wasim Akram , Moin Khan , Mushtaq Ahmed , Waqar Younis , Mohammad Akam
The name Thorondor was Sindarin for "Eagle Lord", from the words "thoron" ("eagle") and "taur" ("lord, king")
During the War of the Ring, in the year TA 3019, Gollum led Frodo Baggins and Samwise Gamgee up the stairs as a means to enter the land of Mordor undetected
Ikimi reiterated his position that the Commonwealth had no mandate to send a fact-finding mission .
While the Éoherë commanded by Théoden King, son of Thengel, at the Battle of the Pelennor Fields did not number much more than half of the 10,000 riders supposed to be a full muster of Rohan, it was possibly the largest riding of the Rohirrim in history
This greed can be attributed, no doubt, to the effects of his ring of power which brooded a great lust for gold within their Dwarven bearers
The name Alphros means "Swan-foam", from the Sindarin "alph" ("swan") and "ros" ("foam")
CRICKET - SRI LANKA BEAT INDIA BY 9 WICKETS IN ONE-DAY MATCH .
On the other hand, Elves are immortal, and can reincarnate even if they are physically killed
Kadian was approved for sale in the United States last month , Faulding said .
Dhaka stocks seen steady in absence of big players .
18. Luxembourg 8.20
Mûmakil had an appearance akin to that of an elephant, sporting thick, arrow-resistant skin, and sharp tusks
15-12 15-10 15-3
However, the Campaign was nowhere near the scale of its UK counterpart, with only 100 games recorded in Gondor, and was ignored by many who viewed it as a "watered-down" version of the original
It is noted to be similar with to the Norwegian word for dragon, drágë
But Huber will be tested immediately with a first-round encounter against dangerous 18th-ranked South African Amanda Coetzer .
BUCHAREST 1996-08-25
At the start of the War of the Dwarves and Orcs, the houses of the other Fathers of the Dwarves were called upon by Durins Folk
It is also known that both Haradrim and Umbar were in league to destroy Gondor)
The mountains were rich in gold and unexplored, however after three hundred years Dragons began to trouble the Dwarves, killing Dáin I in TA 2589
Botham dashed back to Portsmouth and took the field as the thrid over began .
In Milwaukee , Marc Newfield homered off Jose Parra ( 5-4 ) leading off the bottom of the 12th as the Brewers rallied for a 5-4 victory over the Minnesota Twins .
Andreas Andersson ( 87th )
It consists of an abandoned beginning of the poem, numbering only 130 lines
Think of all that mixed together , with twisted , wrecked parts on the slope , " Onarheim , 29 , told Reuters .
Shelobs Lair, known in Sindarin as Torech Ungol, was located in the pass of Cirith Ungol and served as an impassable labyrinth in which to ensnare the enemies of Mordor
" He developed techniques of guerilla warfare later copied by independence movements around the world , from Mao Tse-Tung in China to Yitzak Shamir in Israel , " Jordan said .
The poll , conducted earlier this month after Banharn 's coalition completed one year in office , showed the military would prefer General Chatichai Choonhavan -- a former prime minister who was ousted in a military coup in February 1991 -- as prime minister .
June 25-27 v British Universities ( at Oxford , three days )
The first six riders lapped the field , which left former world champion Ingrid Haringa of the Netherlands down in seventh place despite having the second highest points score .
When Aulë created the Dwarves he had only a vague idea of what the Children of Ilúvatar should look like
Nenya was made by Celebrimbor and the Gwaith-i-Mírdain of Eregion in the Second Age, along with the other two Elven Rings, Narya and Vilya
Mîm the Petty-dwarf held Ulrad partly responsible for his son Khîms death because Ulrad was one of the men that bound him
DUBAI 1996-08-26
I do n't know if I can go any faster .
EASTERN DIVISION
Despite being a Thain, Ferumbras was eclipsed by his younger brother, Bandobras, who won the Battle of Greenfields
200 Diego Borrego ( Spain ) 69 63 68 , Miguel Angel Martin
When the Dwarves escape from the Orcs in the barrel chase, Thorin takes swords and axes from the Orcs, dropping them as it goes
Once inside, the Dwarves lit torches that illuminated a hall full of the ancient treasures and weapons of the Kings under the Mountain
After truce , Lebed faces tougher Chechen problem .
Sharku was an Orc veteran from Isengard who led Sarumans Warg-riders
A human rights activist said on Wednesday he had been released after more than two weeks in detention that followed his call for an inquiry into the death of a Gaza man interrogated by Palestinian police .
With Thorins death, Gormr became the ruler of the settlement and his clan quickly overran the Durins Folk Dwarves residing in the region outside the city by the time of the War of the Ring
Thorin also was concerned about Smaug, but had the different motive of revenge and the reclaiming of the Dwarves treasure in the Lonely Mountain
Undertowers was a settlement of Hobbits in the newly-granted Westmarch province of the Shire
Intelligence officals said more than 5,000 Tamils were waiting on the western coast of Sri Lanka to cross into India .
But European grain traders and officials said the Saudis might reduce the purchase to 600,000 tonnes .
Unable to muster a great enough force without the support of all seven Dwarf kingdoms, Thorin assembled twelve of his compatriots to undergo a quest to retrieve the Arkenstone from the dragon
Ondoher was a Quenya word that meant Stone-lord
Cram was a biscuit-like food made by the Men of Lake-town and Dale, which they shared with the Dwarves of the Lonely Mountain
Máhanaxar was a Quenya word, from the Valarin Mâchananaškad
Seven Iraqi men appeared in court on Saturday charged with air piracy following the hijacking to Britain of a Sudanese airliner with 199 people aboard .
Unlike the original Rings of Power, the "New Ring" was crafted by Celebrimbors hand through his host body, Talion, in the video game ""
Results from the U.S. Open Tennis Championships at the National Tennis Centre on Friday ( prefix number denotes seeding ) :
The other two phyla were Oromëan, from which descended both Elvish and Mannish languages, and Aulëan, the branch of Khuzdul
California 2 BALTIMORE 0
But the folk of Mîm were few, and the outlaws filled with the lust of the treasure slew them, though Húrin would have stayed them; though he deemed him partially responsible for Túrins fate (the nature of who killed the dwarf, the nature of the treasure, and size of Hurins band varies in post-humus edited "stories)
Although Danny Rose 's 50th-minute equaliser gave the Seychellois renewed hope they could not find the net again and were eliminated .
Bowling : McGrath 7-2-13-1 ( 2w ) , Flemming 7-0-24-2 ( 3w , 3nb ) ,
( Slovakia ) 6-3 6-3
Crebain, "crows", would be the regular plural of Sindarin "craban", "crow," a word which (while unattested) seems to have been adopted by Tolkien from Indo-European languages, particularly a pre-Germanic form "*krabn-", whence the proto-Germanic "*hrabnaz", from which descended both Old High German "hraban" and English "raven".- Ravens were large black birds of Middle-earth, sometimes associated with the ill news of death, and were known for their harsh voices
Mablung, also known as Mablung of the Heavy Hand, was a Sindar Elf who served in the army of King Elu Thingol of Doriath as a captain and Marchwarden
The name is derived from the elements "hild" (battle) and "gard" (enclosure)
" The ultimatum ( to storm Grozny ) is no longer an issue , " he said quoting Ischinger , who had been sent to Moscow by German Foreign Minister Klaus Kinkel as his personal envoy to urge an end to Moscow 's military campaign in the breakaway region .
The 36-year-old Aston Villa player won the last of his Irish record of 82 international caps against the Czech Republic in Prague in April .
" Unless she breathes on her own , I would advise you to keep your fingers crossed , " said a doctor who was familiar with her case but not part of the six-member team treating Mother Teresa .
Quenya (IPA: [ˈkʷwɛnja]) was the language spoken by the non-Telerin Elves who reached Valinor
Mountain-trolls were shown in Peter Jacksons "The Return of the King" film during the Siege of Gondor
In Chicago , the Braves and Cubs split a doubleheader .
Aragorn and his companions chanced to meet up with Éomer and his Éored upon the plains of Rohan near Fangorn Forest, and there revealed himself to be the heir of Isildur, and asked for news and aid from Éomer
Waalwijk 2 ( Dos Santos 38th , Van Arum 73th penalty ) .
It is unknown whether anyone lived there or not or if it was used as a harbor for Gondors ships
Their numbers were unknown, but growing with many in against their will, probably forced into service by threat of violence or imprisonment by Sharkeys men
" I 'm an emotional player , " said the 104th-ranked Tarango . "
It was held as a fortified area under the command of the Kings of Rohan in opposition to the hostile Dunlendings
LONDON 1996-08-31
The name Ciryon is a Quenya word that meant ship
Stefan Edberg produced some of his vintage best on Tuesday to extend his grand run at the Grand Slams by toppling Wimbledon champion Richard Krajicek in straight sets at the U.S. Open .
He served under Magrots command, taking part in Adars campaign in the Southlands
The album is a collection of songs with short dramatic interludes that follows the plot and story of "The Silmarillion", blending classic German power metal with classical and folk music
Lembas was light brown on the outside, and the color of cream on the inside
Azharuddin was sacked after the tour and replaced by Sachin Tendulkar .
5. Alex Criville ( Spain ) Honda 1:51.075
Polo Baggins was a hobbit of the Shire
4. Erik Breukink ( Netherlands ) Rabobank 8 seconds
Certain aspects related to Húrin following the story are left out but do get brought up in the follow up "Beren and Lúthien", as does extended story for Mîm and his curse of the gold of Glaurung, and its relevance to the fall of Doriath, and corruption of the Dwarves and others who touch it
At one point Tolkien decided that an Elvish name does not suit a Man, and thus altered it from Aragorn via Elfstone to Ingold, where the last one is an Old English name with ing- representing "west"
Andy Colquhoun
It was possibly due to their ancient hatred of the Men of the West going back to the Edain, or toward the Númenóreans and Dúnedain in general for many defeats by them over the centuries, most recently in the War of the Last Alliance
Ethiopia 1 Uganda 1
Niwennog was their first ascribed name (preceding the change to "Nibin-noeg"), as told of in the index of "The War of the Jewels." Nimphelos was the greatest of the pearls that Thingol gave to the Dwarves of Belegost in payment for their service in the building of Menegroth
Actor Reeve highlights Democrats ' first night .
Dole blasts Clinton for ignoring teen drug use .
After the theft of the Silmarils and the death of their grandfather, he and his father and his brothers took an oath to recover them at any cost
Gondor then defeated the army of Mordor with the aid of the Rohirrim in the Battle of the Pelennor Fields, though with heavy losses
Two other girls have been rescued and police are hunting for at least two more who Dutroux has admitted kidnapping a year ago .
Angainor is a Quenya word that includes "anga", meaning "iron"
Arafat subsequently cancelled a meeting between Israeli and PLO officials , on civilian affairs , at the Allenby Bridge crossing between Jordan and the West Bank .
1977 - E.F. ( Fritz ) Schumacher , economic guru and author of the best seller " Small is Beautiful " , died on his way to a conference in Switzerland .
The 11th-seeded Washington fell short of reprising his Wimbledon miracle comeback as he lost to red-hot wildcard Alex O'Brien 6-3 6-4 5-7 3-6 6-3 in a two hour 51 minute struggle on the Stadium court .
" I was just trying to hang in there and hit it up the middle , " said McGriff about his homer in the ninth . "
Corinthians , who played in a tournament in Spain last week , also faced a plane marathon as they attempted to keep up with a hectic fixture list .
After the First Age, most accounts of Dwarves concern those of the line of Durin, who are commonly called Durin’s Folk or Longbeards
After the crossing of the Blue Mountains, the Edain started to use the Sindarin as common tongue; however, from the mingling of Edains ancient languages descended the Adûnaic, the language of Númenor
But Saruman had already gathered all his troops and sent them south, where they dug in and waited for Théodred and his army
Durins Bane appears very briefly in the seventh episode of , when Durin III lets a leaf given him by the Elves fall into a deep abyss newly discovered in the search for mithril
"Imlad" is a Sindarin term meaning glen, deep valley
Later, Marwen advises them to use Celebrimbors powers to take control of an army of Orcs and other beasts, using them to lead an assault against Sauron
Henrietta Nagyova ( Slovakia ) beat Gala Leon Garcia ( Spain ) 6-1 4-6 6-3
It was the modern equivalent of the month of May
5. Michael Hubner ( Germany )
Birnberg told Reuters that the challenge to the injunction would be delayed until Stenning was released .
1. Juha Kankkunen ( Finland ) Toyota Celica 2 hours 30 minutes
4. Slight 38:32.149
1 - Yap Kim Hock / Cheah Soon Kit ( Malaysia ) beat Lee Wan Wah / Chong
Yastrzhembsky said Yeltsin had travelled from the hospital to spend the night at the Barvikha sanatorium outside Moscow .
1. Allen Johnson ( U.S. ) 12.92 seconds
His line of descent made him the great-uncle of Tar-Calmacils grandson Ar-Adûnakhôr, who broke with tradition by taking his royal name in the Adûnaic tongue
Below follow short descriptions of the most important groups of Men in the First, Second, and Third Ages
Cardolan was a realm once part of the Dúnedain Kingdom of Arnor
Guillaume Raoux ( France ) vs. Filip Dewulf ( Belgium )
- Pakistan will pay an additional bill of $ 244 million as private power projects with capacity of 3,225 megawatt go on-line by 1998/99 .
Fox said he had brought up the issue at every meeting he had had with government leaders in Dhaka .
Sam is also known as Perhael in Sindarin
The well-known English personal and placename "Yale" has its origins in a Welsh expression meaning "fertile upland." Its use may suggest that the Hobbits who named it had contacts with "strange" languages, possibly those of Dunland
He took orders from the Chiefs men and he participated in the wanton destruction of the Shire by cutting down the trees beyond the Mill that shaded the road to Bywater
The meaning of "Naimi"/"Nelmir" in Early Quenya is unclear
MSV Duisberg 0 Bayern Munich 4 ( Klinsmann 15th , Zieger 24th and
His new style mixed an assault on Republicans with what he sees as " productive opportunity , a vision for the future that lifts up working families , that builds Wisconsin stronger , that builds America stronger .
Possession of 30 grammes ( just over an ounce ) of heroin or five kg ( 11 lb ) of opium is punishable by death in Iran .
Jubayr is a Haradrim ally created by Fantasy Flight games for the
Vitesse Arnhem 1 ( Vierklau 85th ) Sparta Rotterdam 1 ( Gerard
Heerenveen 3 2 0 1 7 5 6
Like all of the props used in the "Lord of the Rings" movie trilogy, Hadhafang was manufactured by Weta Workshop
Most of Durins Folk left for the Grey Mountains in the North, while some followed the new king, Thráin I, who went to Erebor
Taleban said its shipment of ammunition from Albania was evidence of Russian military support for Rabbani 's government .
A Romanian woman Maria Marco , 35 , was killed .
He slew the boar, but died of the wounds he received in the act of killing it
Then, Bard and the Elvenking led their forces to the Lonely Mountain, seeking a share of the treasure
The prevailing language of the land, as far as is known, was Westron
At a news conference attended by approximately 50 players on Sunday , U.S. Davis Cup player Todd Martin expressed the players ' outrage at the seedings .
Egypt will tell Britain it is concerned about a meeting of Islamists to be held in London soon , Foreign Minister Amr Moussa said on Monday .
See Certar "Cirth "- Sindarin word referring to the system of runes as a whole
However, Gandalf still loses it when the monster drags him into the abyss
" The people have asked us to establish order and that 's our main aim . "
Elrond is a Sindarin name that means "Star-dome" or "Elf of the cave", from "el" ("Elf" or "star", interchangeably) and "rond" ("cave, vault")
In 1980 Christopher Tolkien followed this with a collection of more fragmentary material under the title "Unfinished Tales", and in subsequent years he published a massive amount of background material on the creation of Middle-earth in the twelve volumes of "The History of Middle-earth"
Brazil gov't set to send 1997 budget to Congress .
There was no immediate comment on the report from the White House .
Before the War of the Last Alliance, Oropher and his folk left their capital at Amon Lanc and crossed Anduin to live with their kin in Lórinand
During the Man Eriols stay in Tol Eressëa, he, desiring to taste of the Limpë was told of her by Vairë while he was staying at the Cottage of Lost Play
RIO DE JANEIRO 1996-08-26
4. Maarten den Bakker ( Netherlands ) TVM all same time
Hasina told a cross section of people at the Bogra police headquarters on Sunday that the government had already suspended three police officers and ordered a judicial probe into the violent incidents .
SYDNEY 1996-08-23
Smaug attacked Lake-town and proceeded to burn it until he was killed by a Black Arrow shot by Bard, who held his ground with a few loyal men while everyone else, including the town leader, fled
He had a great horn called the Valaróma and a great steed named Nahar
Controversial IRA film screened at Venice festival .
The neighbours in Kathmandu called the police when they saw Dheeraj , employed by the man for the past nine months , limping because of the chains .
Sindarin pronouns have , , , and forms
The greatest delight of the Númenóreans, however, were the flowers given to them by the Eldar
Urfael was the sword of Talion
A year later, a fleet of ships under Eärnur arrived in the Grey Havens and set off toward what was left of the once-great northern kingdom
Botswana 's envoy , Mothusi Nkgowe , said coups should be relegated " to the dump heap of history " as there could be no justification for the overthrow of a legitimate government .
Christopher later stated in "The Peoples of Middle-earth" that this decision to make Gil-galad a son of Fingon was an editorial mistake on his part, and did not represent his fathers conception of the character
TAIPEI 1996-08-29
1 - Michael Chang ( U.S. ) beat Sergi Bruguera ( Spain ) 6-3 6-2
Collective farms and Ukraine 's nascent private farming sector have no money for fertiliser , no money for herbicides and pesticides , no money to repair old or buy new machinery , no money for fuel , and none to buy good seed .
62 Nolan Henke
LONDON 1996-08-22
BEIJING 1996-08-31
Mithril is the seventh soundtrack of ""
After days of searching, Frodo and Sam arrive at Mount Doom, only to find Gollum waiting for them
Summoning all men able to bear arms, Théoden hastily set out for the Hornburg, where he thought to make a stand against Sarumans army
Former South Carolina Gov .
One Romanian passenger was killed , and 14 others were injured on Thursday when a Romanian-registered bus collided with a Bulgarian one in northern Bulgaria , police said .
In " movie, in the fellbeasts first appearance, it flies over Osgiliath as it is being attacked by Mordor, and it almost captures the hobbit Frodo Baggins after the Witch-king senses that the One Ring was with the halfling
Israel said last month after it recovered the body of a soldier abducted by Hamas seven years ago that it would consider freeing Yassin .
The name Elemmírë was a Quenya word that meant "star jewel", which comes from the words "elen", meaning "star" and "mírë", meaning "jewel"
Then, the Dark Lord Sauron learned the craft of ring making and made the Master Ring — the One Ring to rule them all
SUZUKA , Japan 1996-08-25
St Pauli pulled a goal back through Andre Trulsen but Schalke striker Martin Max restored his team 's two-goal cushion shortly afterwards .
1. Jonathan Edwards ( Britain ) 17.69 metres
He can speak the common tongue, but decides not to as he thinks its a sin that Ratbag cant speak any Black Speech
COLOMBO 1996-08-30
Elves are light of foot, can travel long distances without leaving tracks, and often can walk lightly across snow where the boots of Men would sink
This fear was used again against Rohans enemies during the War of the Ring when Sarumans army besieged the Hornburg during the Battle of the Hornburg, when the horn was sounded as a sign of Théodens desire to continue resisting the invaders despite the odds
The visitors , seeking to restore some pride after failing to score a single goal in Euro 96 in June , repeatedly ripped through the left side of the home defence but De Wilde was able to block several sharply-angled efforts .
Kaluwitharana , slow in comparison , was bowled by Tendulkar for 53 , but Aravinda de Silva with 49 not out helped see Sri Lanka home .
But the strong showing by the Japanese riders did not alter the championship table with Slight still leading on 280 points , followed by Corser with 269 and Kocinski with 254 .
The airliner refuelled at Larnaca , Cyprus and landed at London 's Stansted airport in the early hours of Tuesday .
The invasion almost destroyed Gondor, but the general, Eärnil, who had defeated the Haradrim on the southern front, made his way north to where the Wainriders were celebrating their victory
The chairman of national carrier EgyptAir on Thursday blamed the control tower at Istanbul airport for the EgyptAir plane accident .
Roth had woken up Tolkien at 10 to 7:00 so that he could go to Communion, which felt like a short lived look of an unfallen world. Tolkien had considered not going but rather one dismal look by this tender Jew at his rosary settled the matter
HORSE RACING - JOCKEY WEAVER RECEIVES 21-DAY BAN .
The fortress of the Tower of the Sun was built to guard against the Men of the White Mountains in the year SA 3320 by the Dúnedain of Gondor, those Faithful Númenóreans who escaped the destruction of Númenor the year prior
Among the hobbits, the Stoors most resembled Men and were most friendly to them
Brazil likely to turn Banespa federal bank - paper .
Chuck Finley ( 12-12 ) snapped a four-game losing streak .
76 Scott McCarron
The symbol of the House was an eight-rayed silver star
Thorin III was the son of Dáin II, and became king after his fathers death in the Battle of Dale
But the Corsairs were not on board; instead, Guritz and his company were met by Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli, and the first wave of the Army of the Dead
This is where most details of Dagor Dagorath are defined, and the primary source for the details of the conflict
140 Robert Allenby ( Australia ) 69 71 , Mark Roe 69 71
LONDON 1996-08-31
The 50-year old monarch was accompanied by Queen Aishwarya on a flight to the Tibetan capital of Lhasa .
Also shown are the London closing values of the German mark , the Japanese yen , the British pound and gold bullion ( previous day 's closes in brackets ) :
In , Naryas creation by Celebrimbor is portrayed along with Nenya and Vilya, after the Elven-smith learns of the craft from Halbrand, who is discovered by Galadriel to in fact be Sauron
TOKYO 21,228.80 - 134.44 22,666.80 19,734.70
It could be forded at the Crossings of Poros, through which the Harad Road ran. It was the site of the Battle of the Crossings of Poros which occurred between Gondor and the Haradrim in TA 2885
Under the Ban of the Valar the Númenóreans were forbidden from sailing so far westward that Númenor was no longer visible, for fear that they would come upon the Undying Lands, to which Men could not come
Finrún Felageómor was a Ñoldorin Elf in earlier versions of J.R.R. Tolkiens legendarium
At Northampton : Sussex 368-7 ( N. Lenham 145 , V. Drakes 59 not
BELGRADE 1996-08-29
Francis Moreau ( France ) 4:16.274 beat Heiko Szonn ( Germany )
SOCCER - FOWLER AND MCMANAMAN OUT OF ENGLAND SQUAD .
Around 2,000 of Indonesia 's controversial Timor national car made by Kia Motor Corp of South Korea arrived at Jakarta 's Tanjung Priok port on Thursday .
But during his period in office he has battled against nationalist opponents , trade unions and parliament and Sharetsky said the current parliament was ready to try to impeach him .
Bilbo has already done some exploration of the old hallways using the Side-door and has stolen the Arkenstone from the treasure
5 - Slawomir Wojciechowski ( GKS Katowice )
Ballanger beat Germany 's Annett Neumann 2-0 in the best-of-three matches final to add the world title to the Olympic gold medal she won in July .
Ministry spokesman Ryszard Hincza told the Polish agency the services would work together against mafia-style groups , drug smuggling and illegal trade in arms and radioactive materials .
Falassion means "Shore-son" or "Child of the Shore" from the Quenya "falassë" ("shore") and "-ion" (a patronymic ending, "son of, descendant")
As well as differences of when the curse took place (did he curse the gold before or after he was given a mortal wound, or both before and after)
1. Sebastien Tortelli ( France ) Kawasaki
The Easterlings allied themselves with the forces of Sauron during War of the Ring were defeated along with him and gradually pushed back by King Elessar, and the East-lands once again became part of Gondor and the Reunited Kingdom
TOKYO 1996-08-29
More than 1,500 planes per day fly over Bulgaria , in a strategic location between Europe and the Middle and the Far East , Raichev said .
The Elfstone, also known as the Elessar, was a green gem set on a silver eagle-shaped brooch
Belgium kicked off their 1998 World Cup campaign with a hard-fought 2-1 victory over 10-man Turkey in a tense match marred by Turkish crowd trouble shortly after the break .
Woodmen were groups of Northmen who had established themselves in vast forested places of Middle-earth, primarily Greenwood
Though Fingon did not know of Maedhross objection to the burning of the ships at Losgar, the two had been very close before Fëanors betrayal, and Fingon wished to both heal the division between the two hosts and to rescue his cousin
Most of these were Fallohides and Stoors, joining the Harfoots, who had come earlier during the time of Celepharns grandfather Beleg
Slough 's chairman Sir Nigel Mobbs added to the bullish mood in the sector , saying in a statement that " with the prospect of a period of steady economic growth and low inflation ahead , there is good reason to believe that the property sector should continue its improvement . "
Elendil tries to avenge Gil-galad, but a blow from Saurons mace throws him against some rocks, and he is killed
Dailir was an unerring, ever-returning arrow that belonged to Beleg Cúthalion
Clinton arrives in Chicago on day of re-nomination .
Orcrist (also called the Goblin-cleaver) was an Elven sword from Gondolin, the mate of Glamdring, which became the sword of Thorin II Oakenshield during The Quest of Erebor
Scores : Pakistan 225-5 innings closed ( Saeed Anwar 57 ) , England 226-5 in 46.4 overs ( M. Atherton 65 ) .
The Númenóreans were a scion of the Edain, the most noble race of Men in the First Age
As the Rangers continued on to meet with Aragorn, the player fights beside Théodred at Isengard (and witnesses his death)
The Elendili, however, not only preserved their ancient friendship with the Elves, they also regarded the burgeoning arrogance of the Kings Men as blasphemy, but the Kings Men became more powerful, and by the end of the Second Age had begun to persecute the Elendili as rebels and dissidents
TENNIS - EDBERG REFUSES TO QO QUIETLY .
Aravir died in TA 2319 after serving as Chieftain seventy-two years, and was followed by his son Aragorn I
He took a positive first step with his 6-3 1-6 6-1 7-5 win over compatriot Haas on a sun-baked Grandstand court .
A Polish consortium including the Bank Rozwoju Exportu SA ( BRE ) plans to rival France 's Hachette in bidding for Polish state-owned press distribution chain Ruch SA , Zycie Warszawy daily said on Saturday .
The Orc, unfazed once again grabs Gandalf
Bancomext official says Mexico peso level suitable .
A firm start on Wall Street helped push leading London shares to a new record high on Wednesday and German stocks closed floor trading up but the Paris bourse slipped sharply , hit by a weakening franc and fears of industrial unrest .
Their average infantry are a horde of Orcs that are only usable in large groups, but a large army is not hard to build for Mordor, as they have low costs and low buildtime
HONG KONG 1996-08-22
4. Greece ( Dimitrios Georgalis , Georgios Chimonetos , Lampros
A club statement said : " The directors of Raith Rovers FC invited Jimmy Thomson to relinquish the post of manager and to resume his former position as youth team coach .
Japanese Goverment Bonds futures which closed before the output data , lost much of day 's gains as Tokyo stock prices recovered from the day 's low.In after hours trading the September future on LIFFE was trading at 122.53 , up 0.26 from Thursday 's settlement price on the Tokyo Stock Exchange .
In the more than 600 years following Rómendacil IIs defeat of the Easterlings in TA 1248, the Easterling tribes of Rhûn had not been a threat, as Gondor ruled the lands of the east all the way to the shores of the Sea of Rhûn, and also had the loyalty of the Northmen of Rhovanion
Kandahar is the headquarters of the opposition Taleban militia .
Erkenbrand, Lord of the Westfold, rode with Gandalf to Helms Deep to relieve Théodens battered army
" If we lose this one , Tony and I will have to have a good look at giving someone else a go , " Newcombe was quoted as saying in Sydney 's Daily Telegraph newspaper .
KANSAS CITY AT DETROIT
5. Julia Vaquero ( Spain ) 15:04.94
When Eorl and his people were granted Calenardhon (Rohan as it would later be known) in TA 2510, they drove the Wild Men from their new lands, earning their bitter hatred and enmity
As their name implies, they wore cloaks or mantles of grey colour and carried no symbols save for a silver star on each of their brooches
The venue of Atletico 's first league game , scheduled for Sunday , is still in doubt with the Real Madrid 's Santiago Bernabeu a distinct possibility .
The game is won by the first Free Peoples player to survive to the ninth, and final, site or the last player whose Fellowship is left alive
In "The History of Middle-earth", is told that the earlier name for Finrod was "Inglor" Felagund, while Men called him Sômar or Vidri, both meaning Wisdom
Smaug was supremely confident in his own powers, shown in his famous speech about how certain components of his body were weapons of destruction
The people of Arnor were mostly wiped out by these wars, but the Hobbits survived in the Shire, Men survived in Bree and probably other villages, and the Dúnedain of Arnor created new homes in the Angle south of Rivendell, where some of them became known as the Rangers of the North
Russian peacemaker Alexander Lebed said he and rebel military leader Aslan Maskhadov agreed after overnight talks to defer the decision on whether Chechnya should be independent until December 31 , 2001 .
WASHINGTON 1996-08-29
The solitary wicket to fall was Asif Mujtaba , run out for 13 attempting a second run to third man where Lewis was lurking with a point to prove .
M. Dekker not out 8
Ross County 1 Queen 's Park 2
He also found Voronwë, an Elf of Gondolin, who had been a mariner on the last attempted Ñoldorin voyage to Valinor, saved from the wrath of Ossë by Ulmo for the purpose of guiding him to Gondolin
When the Ñoldor wrought gems they also spread them throughout the great land
The Salang highway , Afghanistan 's main route to Central Asia , has been controlled by Dostum since he began fighting President Burhanuddin Rabbani 's government in Kabul in January 1994 in alliance with Hezb-i-Islami party leader Gulbuddin Hekmatyar , then prime minister but rival to the president .
They were known to have been kept in large stone jars and then ladled out into large bowls
Happy Birthday to our Dearest Mother , " read a placard at the Shishu Bhavan children 's home in central Calcutta run by Mother Teresa 's Missionaries of Charity .
Saudi Arabia provisionally bought 800,000 tonnes of optional-origin barley at an August 21 tender at prices between $ 160 and $ 162 including cost , insurance and freight , traders said last week .
Nepal 's centre-right coalition government has offered to meet the country 's hardline Maoist communists for talks in a bid to end an insurgency in Nepal 's western districts , officials said on Tuesday .
The Defence Ministry said in a statement that investigations were still in the preliminary stage but it was cooperating closely with police in the cantons of Geneva and Freiburg .
ALLENTOWN , Pa .
Tavildara , 200 km ( 120 miles ) east of the capital Dushanbe , was in ruins .
To prevent the kings invasion, Ilúvatar destroyed Númenor beneath the ocean and set the Undying Lands forever beyond the reach of mortal Men
Others considered Half-elves were Elronds sons, Elladan and Elrohir, and his daughter Arwen Undómiel
Valinor (Quenya; also Valinórë , meaning "Land of the Valar"), the Land across the Sea, was the realm of the Valar in Aman; the place to which they migrated from their former kingdom Almaren after the destruction of the Two Lamps by Melkor
He was the last King of Durins Folk to live in the Grey Mountains; shortly after Dáin I was laid to rest in the tombs of the mountain halls, the Grey Mountains were abandoned by the Dwarves
Leipzig / Halle 1,806 up 45.6
to finish their rounds on the 7,149 yard , par 70 Firestone C.C
This contributed to Iron Crown Enterprises filing for bankruptcy in 2001. Tolkien Enterprises then made a new licensing agreement with for their Lord of the Rings Roleplaying Game
These are those scenes: The New Mill was the name for the mill that replaced the Old Mill during the War of the Ring in the Shire
Snoozing Vietnamese man takes slow train to Alaska .
Were-worms were creatures told of in the stories of hobbits
1. Noureddine Morceli ( Algeria ) 3 minutes 49.09 seconds
If there was a dictatorship they would n't have the right to say things like this , " Sergei Posukhov , Lukashenko 's political adviser , told Reuters .
The spare , soft-spoken son of an Italian stonecutter took over the Chicago archdiocese , the nation 's second-largest after Los Angeles , with 2.3 million parishioners , in 1982 .
Nindalf is a Sindarin word, consisting of "Nîn "(wet) and "Talf" (flat field)
146 Iain Pyman 71 75 , Eduardo Romero ( Argentina ) 70 76 , Ian
Lamonts Apparel Inc , an operator of 42 family apparel stores in six northwestern states , said it has filed a reorganization plan in bankruptcy court in Seattle .
Defence Minister Chavalit Yongchaiyudh , head of coalition member the New Aspiration Party , was the second choice for prime minister , the poll showed .
CRICKET - AUSTRALIA V SRI LANKA SCOREBOARD .
The scenes, which included a 90-second long take, utilized a matching greenscreen set with a camera slaved to the one used on the live set, which would allow Ian McKellen to appear in-scale as Gandalf on the monitor
(Later in the film the Mithril shirt appears again at the Black Gates, in the possession of the Mouth of Sauron.) Given Shagrats adaptational disloyalty, he would almost certainly have been executed by the authorities for going against Gorbags authority, which was aligned with the Dark Towers interests, and that these authorities brought the Mithril shirt to the Mouth of Sauron
There are terrorists they are sheltering and they make Sudanese passorts for them and they get paid by them , " Mubarak said .
Further east in Rhûn were ancient regions where the Children of Ilúvatar first awoke: Cuiviénen for the Elves, which lay on the shores of Sea of Helcar near the Orocarni; and Hildórien for Men
It is heard as Sméagol takes the One Ring from Déagol, in the flashback that opens the film
After overseeing the essay collection "Approaches to Teaching Tolkiens The Lord of the Rings and Other Works", published by the Modern Language Association in 2015, she became a proprietor of (or may have founded) Waymeet, a resource for those intending to form Tolkien-related curricula in education
SOCCER - DUTCH FIRST DIVISION SUMMARIES .
Théoden then led his knights against the cavalry of the Haradrim as well, personally slaying their chieftain, and hewing his banner
Silmariën was a Quenya name that meant "silver maiden", from the words "silma" ("silver, shining white") and "rien" ("maiden, daughter")
The name Belecthor might mean "Mighty eagle", from the Sindarin words "beleg" ("mighty") and "thor(on)" ("eagle")
Only the Elves could sail there by the Straight Road, if in ships capable of passing out of the Spheres of the Earth
-- Jacqueline Wong , New York Energy Desk +1 212 859 1620
" It 's sad someone would have that kind of spite in their heart , " said Rev. Jerome Turner , pastor of Mount Zion Missionary Baptist Church .
Egypt police detain 26 suspected Moslem militants .
Henceforth, of those the mariners who had been able to step foot upon the "Isle of Tol Eressëa", were never seen again in life
Merry and Pippin, amid the ruins of Isengard, recount to Aragorn, Gandalf, Théoden, and others how the Ents had besieged the place and laid waste to Isengards fortificaton
Playing at night was not Muster 's preference . "
PHILADELPHIA 1996-08-29
The line-up would not be announced until shortly before the start , Markgraaff said .
The conjoined army of Elves under Gil-galad, High King of the Ñoldor, King Oropher of the Woodland Realm and King Amdír of Lothlórien joined with Elendils host from Arnor and Gondor to create the most significant force assembled in Middle-earth since the landing of Ar-Pharazôn. The Last Alliance was the largest military union of the Free Peoples of the world, and the only large-scale war fought until the climax of the War of the Ring an age later
3. Lance Armstrong ( U.S. ) Motorola
The decisive pitch nearly hit Ripken and gave the Orioles a one-half game lead over the Chicago White Sox in the wild-card race .
BARRY , Wales 1996-08-30
Harding says others have done the same . "
Jordan , whose 1992 film " The Crying Game " also came under fire for what was perceived as a sympathetic portrayal of the IRA , said Collins was more than just a revolutionary .
Further plans , he said , called for full provision of resources like fertiliser and herbicides for 25 percent of Ukraine 's arable land next year , for 50 percent in 1998 and 100 percent of the land in 1999 .
The area had been called Greenwood the Great until around the year TA 1050, when the shadow of the Dark Lord Sauron fell upon it, and Men began to call it Mirkwood, or Taur-nu-Fuin and Taur-e-Ndaedelos in the Sindarin tongue
Lilly erroneously attributed this addition to Warners, but agreed that "played well." Also shot were the scenes in Gundabad, replacing an earlier version where it was Gandalf - riding east after the Necromancer - who would have discovered the second army
289 Joakim Haeggman ( Sweden ) 71 77 70 71 , Antoine Lebouc ( France ) 74 73 70 72
The reign of Folcwine, son of Folca, saw a return to prosperity for Rohan, as he subdued the West-march, and drove out the Dunlendings
From Osgiliath, the plague spread west and then north
Intent on supplanting Sauron, the necromancer began to replenish his depleted army by reanimating the fallen Orc soldiers who had claimed the fortress in the first place
Wolf ordered the depositions to determine if he or U.S. District Judge John Bissell of Newark should preside over the case .
Soon the army of Elves and Men entered Gorgoroth, surrounding and setting siege to Barad-dûr
The answer is literally spelled out but turns on a proper translation
Gust was threatened with violence , then locked into a room to be interrogated on suspicion of " promoting activities hostile to the state " while his guests were taken away , the magazine said .
After they have taken over control of some Trolls they have stopped the war between the Snow Trolls and Hill-trolls and eventually destroyed the Black Númenórean sentry on Imlad Balchorth
Therefore, the Valar entreated Fëanor to give up the Silmarils so they could restore the Trees, but he refused
Peter Mullan is a Scottish actor who portrays the Dwarf Lord Durin III in Amazon Studios
From memory — I mean, I havent read it for a while now — but I think he references going off to meet with the White Council, who are actually characters like Galadriel and Saruman and people that we see in "Lord of the Rings"
The magazines said the photographs were taken in Cap de Villefranche , some 15 km ( nine miles ) from Monte Carlo .
Melian rebuked him, and Húrin, cured of the madness of Morgoth by Melian, presented the Nauglamír to Thingol before leaving Doriath, and vanishing from history
About 60 police , helicopters and fixed-wing aircraft have maintained an overnight cordon around 15 sq km ( six sq miles ) of bush near Glenwood .
The blade bears an Elvish inscription, written by the filmmakers: "Gil-galad ech vae vaegannen matha" "Aith heleg nín i orch gostatha" "Nin cíniel na nguruthos" "Hon ess nín istatha:" "Aeglos" Gil-galad wields a well-made spear The Orc will fear my point of ice When he sees me, in fear of death He will know my name: Aeglos Orodreth was a Ñoldorin Elf of the First Age who was the second ruler of the underground city of Nargothrond in western Beleriand. He was born to a Noldorin father, Finarfin, and a Telerin mother, Eärwen, in the city of Tirion during the Years of the Trees and was the brother of Finrod Felagund, Angrod, Aegnor and "Galadriel"
Then Melko used Daurins blade, laced with the black, poisonous blood of Gwerlum, to destroy the silver tree Silpion
Before the coming of Men into the west, the Ñoldor lords Angrod and Aegnor, sons of Finarfin, ruled Dorthonion
However, he was slain by the Dark Lord, who broke Fingolfins neck with his foot
3. Robert Allenby ( Australia ) 407,748
71 73 , Colin Montgomerie 68 76 , David Howell 70 74 , Mark
Summary of German first division
" Jesse Owens inspired everyone here and it is great to have a tribute to him . "
After the War of Wrath and the destruction of Beleriand, Oropher, a Sindarin prince formerly of Doriath who chose to stay in Middle-earth, came to the forest known as Greenwood the Great
They have been asked to bring with them the placards they waved when Clinton addressed Ireland at a packed ceremony in Dublin city centre on December 1 , last year .
We 've had it out there for weeks and weeks and weeks , " Dole said .
At the point when the fabulousness destroys off or diminishes men think they have committed an error and that they are feeling the loss of their actual perfect partners
Captured as a youth in the wilds of the North while his family was slaughtered by evil forces, Runsig was put to work inside the foul mines of Angmar
It was believed these men were related to both the House of Bëor and the House of Hador
Masterkova clearly enjoyed it .
They hail from the Southlands of Middle-earth, but were forced to flee due to Orc attacks
Amon Lhaw was one of the three peaks above the Falls of Rauros, where the Nen Hithoel was drained
Hong Kong also had the necessary " constitutional infrastructure " in place , with the promise of autonomy in running its affairs after the handover from Britain to China .
Iraq retaliated then by expelling a junior administrator working in the Jordanian embassy in Baghdad but has continued its policy of trying to avoid public conflicts with Jordan -- its only secure route to the rest of the world .
Nahar (from the Valarin Naechaerra) was the horse of the Vala Oromë
In the War of the Ring, Isildurs Heir, Aragorn, called on the Dead Men
It was the second time armed " commanders " of the EPR have granted interviews outside Guerrero state , an extremely poor and volatile region where leftist protesters often have clashed violently with authorities .
On September 29, he, Gandalf, Elrond, Galadriel, and Frodo boarded a ship docked at the Grey Havens and sailed away from Middle-earth
But before the fellbeast attacks Frodo, the other hobbit Samwise Gamgee saves him, and Faramir of Gondor shoots an arrow at the fellbeasts neck
Captain Firmin Gatera , spokesman for the Tutsi-dominated Rwandan army , told Reuters in Kigali that 17 of the 28 refugees handed over on Friday from the Zairean town of Goma had been soldiers in the former Hutu army which fled to Zaire in 1994 after being defeated by Tutsi forces in Rwanda 's civil war .
His mother-name was Macalaurë, meaning "Gold-cleaver" from Quenya words "mak" ("cleave") and "laurë" ("gold") , possibly alluding to the power of his voice
Legolas shoots down several Wargs and riders as they approach over the hills and then mounts up onto Arod as the Rohirrim ride up from behind him
" During the works , all flights will be re-routed to the nearby airport in Batajnica , with no change in schedules , " Tanjug quotes Belgrade airport General Director Ljubomir Acimovic as saying .
Ferrigato , winner of the Leeds Classic last Sunday with a one second win over Britain 's Max Sciandri , posted a similarly narrow margin of victory again .
The Salang tunnel , the main supply route for Soviet troops when they were occupying Afghanistan in the 1980s , had been closed since 1994 when northern militia leader General Abdul Rashid Dostum rebelled against the Kabul government .
Ronald de Boer and Dennis Bergkamp are the likely contenders to lead the team .
He said ministry officials made him sign this a few weeks ago after he brought about a dozen copies from Jordan of a book by Edward Said , a prominent scholar at New York City 's Columbia University .
The name Elendur is a Quenya word meaning "Elf-servant" or "Star-servant"
This theory has the advantage of answering many of questions around Tom more fully than the others
Naomi Mitchison, who had been proof-reading the yet-unpublished drafts of "The Fellowship of the Ring" and "The Two Towers", and written him with a number of questions. Tolkien expounded on several different topics pertaining to his works, notably concerning languages and on various questions on characters from "The Lord of the Rings"
He was High King of the Ñoldor in Middle-earth during the First Age after the death of his father
Many weeks later, Frodo used the mere touch of it to ease the thought of the One Ring while he, Sam Gamgee, and Gollum were watching the Witch-king lead his army out of Minas Morgul
A mace is a concussive/bludgeoning weapon of a heavy metal head fixed to a long shaft
The pouch of coins originally flung at Nár was stuffed into Azogs mouth
Portugal 's new coach Artur Jorge called up six players from league champions Porto on Friday in an 18-man squad for the opening World Cup qualifier against Armenia on August 31 .
" The deal really levels the seating field somewhat , " said John Casesa of Schroder Wertheim & Co . "
4. Theybers 25
WASHINGTON 1996-08-29
Amon Gwareth is a Sindarin word that meant Hill of Watch
Sam then assaulted the creature using Sting and the Phial of Galadriel in order to rescue his master
Azog attempts to stab Thorin, but is prevented when Thorin uses Orcrist to block his blade
Kris Goossens ( Belgium ) vs. Sergi Bruguera ( Spain )
" Sarah , I told you this is the Democratic convention , " he responded to his wife , who before the shooting had worked for two Republican congressmen and the Republican national party .
" These developments ... cause me grave concern , " Clinton said at a campaign stop in Troy , Tennessee .
While he was gone , two women in their mid-twenties and an older man entered the jewelry store and tried to distract store owner Charles McGilley .
Japan 's Hashimoto leaves Brazil for Peru .
Ashta 10 Yellow 12,700-12,900 12,800-13,000
CRICKET - SRI LANKA AND AUSTRALIA SAY RELATIONS HAVE HEALED .
In an interview about the campaign with the Scottish people newspaper on 28 July he said "I dont really do much promotional stuff but felt that with this one I could be honest...Im very proud of where I come from and I get very excited if a friend comes over and I can show them around." Boyd topped list of top 100 Most Eligible Men in Scotland in 2002
SYDNEY 1996-08-26
Two die in Algeria restaurant blast - radio .
This title continued into the Fourth Age in the Reunited Kingdom
There 's no problem whatsoever , " he told Reuters .
On October 25, 3018 he held the Council at which it was decided to attempt to destroy the One Ring
Nepal 's king leaves on week-long visit to China .
The name Orodreth is Sindarin for "mountaineer", which came from the word "orod" ("mountain")
LIBERIA , Costa Rica 1996-08-26
After his staff is destroyed by Sauron, he then acquires the staff of Radagast the Brown, which he uses in the Battle of the Five Armies
His two-year deal with Amazon Studios finished in December 2020
Hong Kong , a British colony for more than 150 years , will be handed back to China at midnight on June 30 next year .
Marwen is the ruler of Núrn, a kingdom of sea raiders located in the south of Mordor
Blackburn announced on Wednesday they and Dalglish had parted by mutual consent .
The army of Saruman, ultimately consisting of Uruk-hai, Wild Men of Dunland, Orcs, and Half-orcs, was reinforced on the way to Hornburg, due to casualties in the Battles of the Fords of Isen
On the heels of this victory, Théoden rides with an army to Minas Tirith and help break its siege in the Battle of the Pelennor Fields, where he is slain
Feyenoord 2 ( Larsson 73rd , Van Gastel 83rd penalty ) Graafschap
Also added were a few quick inserts of Azog, including a brief scene on Weathertop, and new takes of a few shots including the Goblins first seeing Orcrist and the final reconciliation of Thorin and Bilbo on the Carrock
Aulë asks Melko to make great pillars for two lamps of light
Common Orcs used curved swords (the word Tolkien uses is scimitars) while Sarumans Uruk-hai used short broad-bladed ones
In the community artwork she is show with several other types of weapons like a elven sword and shield or a quarterstaff; however, this is not consider FFGs canon
Cairo says several Egyptian militants on the run from death sentences or convictions for violent attacks at home have taken shelter in Britain .
In adaptations such as Divide and Conquer, LOTR fan fiction, and the The Lord of the Rings Minecraft mod, Dorwinion is a realm of Men and Elves
One year later, Arathorn II became Chieftain of the Dúnedain when his father was killed by Hill-trolls
Moscow 's as yet undisclosed proposals on Chechnya 's political future have , meanwhile , been sent back to do the rounds of various government departments .
But they have difficulty remembering what happened there , perhaps because of drugs , and are unsure whether they were filmed for pornography , Rudolf Gajdos , head of the Slovak office of Interpol , told Reuters .
In , Sauron is shown using a mace in his fight with the soldiers at the battle of the Last Alliance of Elves and Men
There are no signs of talking about the current War and of Gollums escape in Mirkwood
Arda (Quenya: "Realm"), also known as Earth, was the world in which all peoples of Middle-earth and of Valinor lived
ATLANTA AT PITTSBURGH
In addition to many of them being competent in Westron, they also spoke their own language, which was distantly related to Rohirric
) 0-0 .
"Haradrim" means "South-people", from Sindarin "harad" ("south") and "rim" ("host, group")
Sirannon is a Sindarin word for stream-gate
- Former prime minister Peres to Morocco today .
However, the Elves were utterly defeated and condemned to fade, and groups of evil Men invaded Leithian
"Stoor" is supposed to be a special Hobbitish word that did not exist in Westron during the War of the Ring
He adopted the " superman " riding position with arms at full stretch perfected by fellow Briton Graeme Obree , the 1995 world champion , and taken up in Atlanta by Collinelli .
Notes then tell that Nuin awoke two of the Sleepers, Ermon and Elmir, and taught them speech; that Tû and Nuin shepherded the Sleepers when they awoke with the Sun, and that Men split into factions in the years afterward
6. Chandra Sturrup ( Bahamas ) 22.85
On her death, the Nauglamír was delivered to her son Dior, which led to the ruin of Doriath
The loss of Sosa , who appeared in all 124 games this season , is a huge blow to the Cubs ' playoff hopes .
67 67 68 , David Williams 67 67 68
Not else is known or mentioned about the fate of the Tamed Mûmak
The name Aelin-uial is Sindarin which means "Twilight Meres" from the words "aelin" ("lake, pool") and "uial" ("twilight")
"Ando "- Quenya word for Gate
In keeping with its pioneering image in the area of welfare , Wisconsin was the first state to submit an administrative plan under the nation 's new welfare law , Gov .
Israel approves Arafat 's flight to West Bank .
Varda filled the lamps with light and Manwë hallowed them, and the Valar set them up on high pillars, Illuin in the furthest north upon the pillar of Helcar, Ormal in the deepest south upon the pillar of Ringil
Albright will meet Foreign Minister Jose Miguel Insulza Monday for talks on issues currently up for debate on the council , of which Chile is a non-permanent member , a U.S. embassy statement said .
In the comments of "Made in the Makings", his size is mentioned to be "bigger than two jumbo jets" or "twice as long as and twice as wide as Boeing 747"
The prime minister , who has already lost one coalition partner this month , is expected to have a tough battle in the debate because of infighting in his own party and warnings of more pullouts by other coalition partners .
Angmar is a mutation of "Angbar", meaning Iron home in Sindarin
Both Sindarin and Quenyan were probably used in Arvernien in the Havens of Sirion, as it was populated with many Elves that were able to escape from the fallen realms of Beleriand and the north
There are several appendices located at the end of "The Return of the King" in publications of "The Lord of the Rings." J.R.R. Tolkien wrote them to detail the background of the" Lord of the Rings", in part the Third Age before the Great Years
Though the grain used to make Lembas is called “corn” it is most likely similar to wheat
( Slovakia ) 2 ( halftime 0-0 )
Lotho had the old building knocked down by the Ruffians and the building they built was a larger one covering the river
However, the spiked wheels of the chariot behead all the attacking Ogres
However, he left his sword with Frodo after presuming him dead from the encounter with Shelob, and it was later taken from Frodos body by Shagrat and delivered to Barad-dûr with Frodos Mithril shirt
The languages are divided into three periods: Early (1910-1930), Middle (1930-1950) and Late (1950-1973)
Angrist was a knife made by Telchar of Nogrod and borne by Curufin, one of Fëanors sons
South African right-wing Afrikaners on Saturday revived their campaign for a form of self-rule , identifying a sparsely-populated area in Northern Cape province as the best place for a home of their own .
Ardamin contains the Quenya word Arda ("world"); the element min usually means "one" but in this name, it might also be understood as "pillar" or "tower" (cf
She eventually helped him and the other returning hobbits fight and defeat the Ruffians and Sharkey
CHESAPEAKE , Va .
Aranarths son Arahael was born in Rivendell, and was given a name with the Kingly prefix of "Ar(a)-", to signify that by right he would be King of Arnor
KIEV 1996-08-23
Castilla 's first homer of the game , a solo shot in the seventh off reliever Marc Wilkins ( 3-1 ) extended Colorado 's lead to 9-7 .
She was sent to Loretto Abbey in Dublin and from there to India to begin her novitiate and teach geography at a convent school in Calcutta .
MINNETONKA , Minn .
He also was known to have been restless, exploring as much of Aman as he could and constantly crafting new works
The Ambush of the Wargs was a sudden battle between the Warg-riders of Isengard and the Rohirrim of Edoras
While initially friendly to the Elves of Beleriand, the Dwarves of Nogrod attempted to kill Thingol of Doriath in his treasury, after having crafted the treasure Nauglamír for him (leaving him for dead) but were driven out
The name Túrin comes from the Sindarin "tur" ("power, mastery")
There they became able to craft boats and started to sail the sea, eventually discovering their kin of Lesser Folk dwelling in the hills near the south-western shores
Manila hails Indonesia , OIC for peace deal support .
Four shiny new green-and-yellow John Deere combines parked at this 1,750-hectare ( 4,325-acre ) farm in the grain-growing regions south of Kiev do n't fill its chief agronomist with enthusiasm .
While the Wainriders attacked Ithilien from the north, the armies of the Haradrim crossed the Poros and invaded Southern Ithilien
The other two teams in the group are last season 's Cup Winners ' Cup runners-up Rapid Vienna and Fenerbahce of Turkey .
Bob Wickman ( 5-1 ) , acquired from the New York Yankees on Friday , earned the win in his Milwaukee debut despite allowing the tying run in the eighth inning .
Of the Darkening of Valinor is the eighth chapter of the Quenta Silmarillion, which is the third part of J.R.R. Tolkien’s "The Silmarillion"
Almost no Morgul stalkers use swords unless they are trained from birth
Each army must be either Good or Evil, and can only include miniatures from that side (each model is named in the rules as being either Good or Evil)
They struck back in 1944, allying themselves with the Haradrim of Near Harad and the Variags of Khand
Kleinova ( Czech Republic ) 6-3 6-4
MILAN 1996-08-25
She also produced "Miss Peregrines Home for Peculiar Children" (2016) and Michael Graceys "The Greatest Showman" (2017)
Soyoil prices fell on increased selling against poor demand .
Cynthia McKinney said : " You make your moral decisions .
NEW YORK 1996-08-27
The Eldar (Quenya Tengwar: full spelling or vowel-abbreviated spelling ; IPA: ; singular Elda; ; adjectival Eldarin; or ; ) are those Elves who accepted to leave Cuiviénen and undertake the Great Journey to reach Valinor
Machnee dismissed talk of frost Wednesday by proponents of the " full moon , frost soon " school of thought .
Several soldiers of Gondor, seen in Minas Tirith, wield halberds instead of pikes
All are surprised at a sudden arrival of Haldir and an army of Elves from Lórien
Yugoslavia and Croatia were poised on Friday to sign a landmark normalisation treaty ending five years of tensions and paving way for stabilisation in the Balkans .
The theme of loss is reinforced by some of the songs given throughout Tolkiens book, one of the more prominent being the poem recited by the Dwarf Gimli near the exit of Moria (reproduced in part): The Dagor Dagorath (Sindarin; "Battle of all Battles") or "Final Battle" is the end-times event described and alluded to in the works of J.R.R. Tolkien
Dutch police are also holding a 74-year old Dutchman in connection with the disappearance of An and Eefje , although a spokesman said no direct link had yet been established .
Media reports have speculated that the commission , which is trying to heal the wounds of apartheid by confronting the past , could subpoena apartheid-era President P.W. Botha and former police generals Basie Smit and Johan Van Der Merwe .
When he mortally wounded King Théoden on the field, Éowyn removed her guise as Dernhelm and slew the fellbeast
China thanks Gabon for support on human rights .
Nányë Andúril I né Narsil i macil Elendilo
Tokyo Nikkei average -- 38,915.87 ( Dec 29/89 )
There Boromir confessed that he had attempted to take the ring from Frodo and expressed his remorse
EU Farm Commissioner Franz Fischler had proposed banning sheep brains , spleens and spinal cords from the human and animal food chains after reports from Britain and France that under laboratory conditions sheep could contract Bovine Spongiform Encephalopathy ( BSE ) -- mad cow disease .
On Tuesday , thieves stole about 40 forearms from a shooting range in southern Belgium , including Kalashnikov , Uzi and Fal automatic weapons .
He returned to Bonn on Thursday .
SYDNEY 2,292.9 +18.3 2,326.00 2,096.10
Israeli travel restrictions , imposed after bombings by Moslem militants in February and March , ban most of the two million Arabs in the West Bank and Gaza from entering Jerusalem .
It was published by McFarland in March, 2015
Sao Paulo state power firm Eletropaulo said it has named Eduardo Bernini as new president , replacing Emmanuel Sobral , who will head a secretariat at the Transportation Ministry .
They band together with Isengard Orcs and start raiding the villages of Rohan
Commenting on the continued struggle to get control of German piston maker Kolbenschmidt , which has been hampered by regulatory obstacles , Hope said T&N 's confidence " continues to improve " that it may eventually be able to proceed .
RICHMOND , Va .
The Battle of Five Armies was a battle waged between the Orcs and the Wargs of the Misty Mountains and the Grey Mountains against the Lake-men, Elves, Dwarves, on and near the Lonely Mountain
She succeeded with capturing him, but wanted him to hang a bit so he would be tastier (much like the spiders in "The Hobbit")
Earthquake jolts New Zealands South Island .
TOKYO 1996-08-30
Cultural Ministry planning to spend large sum of money to buy silver crown believed to have been worn by ancient king and now in Australia .
In FA 510 during the Fall of Gondolin, Ecthelion led his house into battle accompanied by the music of their flutes and great were the damages caused to the enemy by their long, bright swords
Sjeng Schalken ( Netherlands ) vs. Gilbert Schaller ( Austria )
MOSCOW 1996-08-25
In Detroit , Todd Van Poppel pitched a five-hitter for his first career shutout and Tony Clark homered to cap a four-run first inning as the Tigers blanked the Kansas City Royals 4-0 .
After a meeting failed to materialise on Monday , Lebed 's spokesman said he might meet the president on Tuesday .
However, he still manages to fight quite savagely
PRESS DIGEST - France - Le Monde Aug 22 .
From the camps below, he sees that his side has won the battle against the goblins and Wargs
After Peru , he was due to go to Costa Rica .
At a downtown hotel Monday , the 48-year-old Gore gave Wisconsin delegates a taste again of the new Gore .
19. Jonathan Lomas 181,005
The Petty-dwarves were created from remnant ideas based on the Nauglath in Tolkiens earliest writings in the "The Book of Lost Tales"
Atheist China officially bans missionary activities but often turns a blind eye to religious activities of people nominally employed as foreign language teachers , particularly in remote areas that are unable to attract other candidates .
Indonesia 's central bank suffered seven billion rupiah ( $ 2.9 million ) in losses resulting from fake transactions , the Jakarta Post reported on Tuesday .
It is also wise to have defense attachmentments and healing cards to help negate the damage he will be dealing
3. Gwen Torrence ( U.S. ) 11.07
An explosion leveled Rochester 's one-story Lilac Falls Motel , killing two people , fire officials said Friday .
"Manwendil" means "Devoted to Manwë" from the Quenya suffix -"ndil" ("friend, devoted to")
Basuki , a first-round loser here for the fifth consecutive year , was clearly going for winners , hitting the lines and running Graf around the court as she broke the top seed twice in the second set to grab that shocking 5-2 lead .
Two Dwarves returned from Doriath and told a twisted version of the events to their king in Nogrod
After the conclusion of the War of Wrath, Manwë determined that the surviving Half-elves would have their choice of fates: to be counted among Elves, and granted eternal life in the Undying Lands; or to be counted among mortals, and granted the ineffable Gift of Men
On the women 's side , second seed Monica Seles got off to a strong start by beating fellow-American Anne Miller 6-0 6-1 and was joined in the second round by Spain 's Arantxa Sanchez Vicario ( seeded third ) , Olympic champion Lindsay Davenport ( 8 ) and Karina Habsudova of Slovakia ( 17 ) .
The Two Lamps, or The Lamps of the Valar, were Illuin ("Sky-blue"), which formerly stood at the northern end of Arda, and Ormal ("High gold") which stood in the south
HONG KONG 1996-08-29
The Lord of Ladros was a title held by Men of the House of Bëor who were given leave to settle in Ladros by the lords of the Ñoldor, in the early fourth century of the First Age
After a time of Music, Ilúvatar proposes a first great design/theme/plan to all the Ainur at once
You can play as a "Classical" member of that race, as an undead form (Vampire, Spectre, Skeleton, Zombie, ...), as a Barbarian or Hermit
Washington to curb Tamil support in U.S. - Sri Lanka .
10. Netherlands 8.30
The Suuri-lehmä were one of the main tribes of Earth-kin
Also due to visit Brazil in September are South Korean President Kim Young Sam and German Chancellor Helmut Kohl .
8. Belarus 8.39
Bazur was an Orc who served Adar in the Southlands during the Second Age
Whatever form Sauron later took is not shown
Beleg, also known as Beleg Cúthalion or Beleg Strongbow for his good bowmanship, was a Sindarin Elf who served in the army of King Elu Thingol of Doriath as Chief Marchwarden - and was a predominant companion of Túrin Turambar
In a frantic final five minutes there were chances at both ends , and Donato , who had earlier been booked , was sent off for protesting about the incursion of Real players at a free kick .
GLASGOW 1996-08-23
Luton 3 0 0 3 3 10 0
Fornost literally translates in Sindarin as "Northern City", from "forn" meaning north, northern and "ost" meaning city, fortress or large dwelling
"Ered "- Quenya word for Mountain
10. Stephen Ames ( Trinidad ) 211,175
Standings in the French first
While hunting in the lands of Thargelion in East Beleriand, Finrod was first of the Ñoldor to come across Men
MADRID 1996-08-24
"Astulat" means "Bony Ridge" in Middle Quenya
( Marseille ) , Robert Pires ( Metz ) , Thierry Henry ( Monaco )
Jackson also argued that it was necessary for Faramir to be tempted by the Ring because everyone else was tempted, and letting Faramir be immune would be inconsistent, at least in the eyes of a film audience, and would weaken the films portrayal of the Ring, which was that of a seduction of normal men
It resulted in the ultimate defeat of Sauron not by victory on the battlefield, but by means of the destruction of the One Ring by the Hobbit Frodo Baggins
In "LOTR: Conquest", Aragorns special, heavy attack is to summon the Army of the Dead
Meanwhile , an appeal of a lawsuit filed by some 600 Names in California is still pending before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit , Chiate of the American Names Association said .
We 're not calling for any frost until after the weekend when it starts to cool off in northwestern Alberta after the weekend probably Monday or Tuesday , " meteorologist Gerald Machnee told Reuters .
British hostage in Chechnya describes ordeal .
In the earlier legends of Middle-earth written before the release of "The Hobbit", ogres were one of the Úvanimor: the monsters, giants, and ogres (and later Wicked dwarves) who were bred from earth by Melkor
Misael Valerio , head of border police at the Security Ministry , told reporters that surveillance of the country 's northern border with Nicaragua has been stepped up to stop the kidnappers from fleeing Costa Rica .
They had been incited by Gandalfs earlier slaying of the Great Goblin, but had now mobilized for a full-scale attack after hearing news of the death of the Dragon and the now relatively unguarded treasure hoard
This army first substantially fought against the Last Alliance of Elves and Men at the Battle of Dagorlad and the Siege of Barad-dûr
Shocked at this, and angry at Noris secret-keeping, the Harfoots confer what to do
Nolan Henke , who led by two strokes entering the third round , carded a four-under 67 and was one stroke back at 18-under 195 .
Prime Minister John Major says the 300-year-old union of the Scottish and English parliaments will be a main plank in his Conservative Party 's election platform .
The Lossoth were described as using bones tied to their feet as ice skates, and were a semi-nomadic people
Ephel Brandir is Sindarin for the encircling fence of Brandir." Amon Obel was the hill around which the Forest of Brethil spread
1. Chandra Sturrup ( Bahamas ) 11.34 seconds
Shortly afterward the Witch-kings attacks resumed and the Wainriders again invaded Gondor, preventing either kingdom from aiding the other
HONG KONG 1996-08-28
The Isenmouthe lay between where the Ephel Dúath and the Ash Mountains mountain ranges met and was a narrow passage
The Hobbits Meriadoc Brandybuck and Peregrin Took, as the new "doorwardens", received Théoden King of Rohan, Aragorn, and Gandalf at the gates
Major league ERA leader Kevin Brown threw an eight-hitter and Devon White 's RBI double snapped a fifth-inning tie as the Florida Marlins beat the Cincinnati Reds 3-1 for their seventh straight win Friday .
Angbor and his men arrive at Minas Tirith shortly after the Battle of the Pelennor Fields is over, and while many of his men stay behind to protect the city, Angbor himself joins the Host of the West
Britain condemns Iraq involvement in Arbil attack .
Adults in the crowd carried posters of former Chechen leader Dzhokhar Dudayev -- who declared independence in 1991 -- and children , carrying photographs of him , called " Troops out ! "
New Dutch signing Edgar Davids came on late in the second half as a Milan substitute but made little impact .
World Series cricket match between India and Sri Lanka on
Israel 's Levy to meet Mubarak in Egypt .
The minority faction, the Faithful, were led by the Lord of Andúnië, in the west of Númenor, and favored Sindarin and friendship with the Elves
As a result, many old words and names in Hobbitish are derivatives of words in Rohirric
Julie Lejeune and Melissa Russo , had been kidnapped in June last year .
Bliss is a childrens picture book by J.R.R. Tolkien, published posthumously in
Hyarmendacil was a Quenya word that meant "South-victor"
The men of Near Harad were brown-skinned, with black hair and dark eyes, while the race known as "half-trolls" out of Far Harad had black skin
Because of the nature of their Oath that they would not permit "anyone" else to have the Silmarils
3019 can be found in Edhellond near Belfalas on an errand about which he would not elaborate
Dutch soccer captain Danny Blind has decided to end his international career , Ajax spokesman David Endt said on Sunday .
Lembas is Sindarin for "Waybread", from the older form "lenn-mbass" ("journey bread")
"Elendilmir" was a name of the Star of Elendil, or Star of the North Kingdom, a great gemstone that seemed to burn with an inner light, mounted on a slender chain of mithril
Several other items have been reported found along the New Jersey shore , most of it such personal items as wallets , shoes and jewelry .
After the rise of Sun, a vast plain of green grass stretched across the great plain of Ard-galen south of the Gates until the end of the Siege of Angband at the conclusion of the Dagor Bragollach
UK meals and feeds sellers marked up high protein soymeal by around 1.50 stg a tonne on Friday following gains in Chicago at Thursday 's close .
Due to his overwhelming hubris, Smaug clearly suffers from a superiority complex, believing himself to be King under the Mountain on account of how he had destroyed the original kings; Smaugs obsession with gold and his own possession of it would be startling enough for Bilbo to realise later when Thorin started to show the same kind of sickness
Thorin, however, secretly hopes that before they make the exchange, his relatives, who are marching toward the mountain with an army under the leadership of Dain, will be able to capture the stone by force
Thranduil was the only son of Oropher, King of the Woodland Realm
In the last days before the Witch-kings assault of Minas Ithil, he was the citys leader and foremost general, as well as the father of Idril, who was herself a Second Captain of the citys army
South Africa - 15 - Andre Joubert , 14 - Justin Swart , 13 - Japie Mulder ( Joel Stransky , 48 mins ) 12 - Danie van Schalkwyk , 11 - Pieter Hendriks ; 10 - Henry Honiball , 9 - Joost van der Westhuizen ; 8 - Gary Teichmann ( captain ) , 7 - Andre Venter ( Wayne Fyvie , 75 ) , 6 - Ruben Kruge , 5 - Mark Andrews ( Fritz van Heerden , 39 ) , 4 - Kobus Wiese , 3 - Marius Hurter , 2 - James Dalton , 1 - Dawie Theron ( Garry Pagel , 66 ) .
Théoden fulfilled the Oath of Eorl, telling the rider that he would bring six thousand warriors to defend the Mundburg, leaving four thousand men behind to guard his kingdom
KABUL 1996-08-27
Vilya, along with Narya and Nenya, was sent to the Elven-king Gil-galad in the year SA 1603, far away in Lindon
These clans were the Ironfists, Stiffbeards, Blacklocks, and Stonefoots
Guinea calls two days of prayer .
The ruling Socialist Party last week accused Serbia 's opposition of stirring up social unrest and using workers ' already difficult social position for their own interests .
The Valar feared that this host could wreak havoc in Valinor, but they were forbidden from killing or otherwise using force against Men
JOHANNESBURG 1996-08-29
An army spokesman in Freetown said Monday night 's attack was the third on a military post in the past week .
He held one match point at 9-8 in a marathon third-set tie break but was beaten 5-7 7-6 ( 7-1 ) 7-6 ( 13-11 ) by unseeded Daniel Vacek of the Czech Republic .
"Mardil" is Quenya, meaning Friend of the (Royal) House, and "Voronwë" is also Quenya in origin, meaning steadfast
GOLF - PLAYERS DIVIDED ON CART REQUEST FOR OLAZABAL .
Rennes 1 ( Guivarch 27th ) Bordeaux 1 ( Colleter 86th ) .
If Men wished to die gloriously in battle, he would grant them their wish with pleasure
26. Spain 8.09
His reign was an era of great prosperity in which the halls of Khazad-dûm were greatly expanded and the Ñoldorin Elves of Lindon moved into Eregion to trade with the Dwarves for mithril
Tamil Tiger rebels have sent 12 female suicide bombers to stage simultaneous attacks on President Chandrika Kumaratunga 's motorcade in Colombo .
Amon Ereb was Sindarin for lonely hill
Then, Nenya, Vilya, and Narya are made
In an interview on the cable television network CNBC Friday , Federal Reserve Governor Lawrence Lindsey said there still were " mixed signals " about the economy 's direction .
Eldalondë is a Quenya word meaning "Elf-haven"
Primitive Quendian and Common Eldarin were also used as base to infer a full working Elvish pronominal system
He tarried there from errantry, and melodies they taught to him, and sages old him marvels told, and harps of gold they brought to him
SEATTLE AT BOSTON
Afterwards, the sons of Ælfwine led their people to the reconquest of Leithian, defeating the Guiðlin and establishing themselves in the lands of Tavrobel, Kortirion, and Taruithorn
The film was released without any indication that a second part would follow, over Bakshis objections
Since then he has directed a number of television episodes, including work on , , and
Officials in Netanyahu 's office were not immediately available for comment on Arafat 's remarks .
The Great Eagles fought alongside the army of the Valar, Elves and Edain during the War of Wrath at the end of the First Age, intervening decisively with Eärendil in the battle against Ancalagon
The Central African Republic qualified on a walkover to play in group four with Guinea , Sierra Leone and Tunisia .
Their brooches were in the form of a green leaf veined with silver
The Awakening of Men describes the emerging of Mankind from the slumber of Eru Ilúvatar
For this war will last through years uncounted, and you shall be summoned once again ere the end." Therefore, they fled from the wrath of Isildur and dared not go forth to war for Sauron, and they hid in secret places in the mountains and had no dealings with other men
Celeborn led a sortie from Eregion to meet the vanguard of Saurons army
It quoted military officials as saying the attack took place in Sergiyev Posad 70 km ( 45 miles ) from the capital .
Colombia , U.S. reach aviation agreement .
"Arda "- Quenya word for Region or Realm; became the term for the world
Brunswijk led a rebel group of about 1,000 in a 1986 uprising against the regime of military strongman Desi Bouterse .
However, this wouldnt explain why he was utterly unaffected and uninterested by the One Ring while other Maiar including Gandalf and Saruman could clearly be influenced by it
In the twelfth volume of "The History of Middle-earth", "The Peoples of Middle-earth", an essay appears entitled "Of Dwarves and Men" which sheds some light on the people of Belegost
Ijaz Ahmed not out 13
Eä is a Quenya word that meant "to be"
Frodo survives the troll attack, thanks to the Mithril vest he was wearing, and Gandalf leads the Fellowship out of Balins Tomb and toward the Bridge of Khazad-dûm before more dangers arrived
The experts said there are some unusual risks for the market from this year 's political season because the rush to promise tax cuts to win votes could upset Wall Street 's expectations that Washington will balance the budget .
TYPE straight bond ISSUE NO 13 AMT 10 bln yen
The gate was made out of silver and malachite, adorned with flowers made out of the pearls of the Balar
Azog seizes Ravenhill as his command post from which he coordinates his forces against the allied Dwarves, Elves and Men
MANCHESTER , England 1996-08-28
Later on in the War of the Ring, Archets woods became home to Ruffians
Kimberly Po ( U.S. ) beat 10 - Kimiko Date ( Japan ) 6-2 7-5
Amongst the many weapons were Sting (which Bilbo armed himself with, and which he named after a battle with a giant spider), Orcrist (claimed by Thorin), and Glamdring (taken by Gandalf)
The Elves of Mirkwood stayed just a short time to receive their share of the treasure before returning to their forest homeland
1. Salah Hissou ( Morocco ) 26 minutes 38.08 seconds ( world
However, he conceived Adûnaic with "faintly Semitic flavour" due to the influence of Khuzdul in Taliska since the Elder Days
" We think we 're in a position to produce a strong result , however a lot of our profitability must inevitably depend on a number of ( company ) results , " said GPG director Garry Weiss .
Martin Stenning started a 12-week jail sentence on Thursday just as he was preparing to contest an injunction obtained by Diana banning him from coming within 300 metres ( yards ) of her .
The etymological relation, as well as the historical similarity (especially when considering Saurons fondness of destructive industrialization and Tolkiens personal dislike of such), indicate that the name Wold is likely an intentional play on words on Tolkiens part, similar perhaps to possibly intentional use of Atalantë (Atlantis) for Numenor
BOGOTA , Colombia 1996-08-25
" The market was extremely quiet today , some profit-taking locally , no Western orders , " said Nick Mokhoff , director of sales and trade at Alliance-Menatep . "
"My heart is green" (Potter-Bohl) - 4:13 11
When the company travels to Rivendell, Elrond tells Thorin that his swords name is Orcrist
This is called the Gift of Men
Morgoth assaults the Falathrim in great force after that battle but Círdan and Gil-galad manage to flee in their ships to the Isle of Balar
Also in Runescape a Character name the wise old man says to the player "raise the army of undead soldiers" is reference to "The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King", when Elrond (in the movie) or Gandalf (in the book) tells Aragorn he must summon an Army of the Dead
3. Koerts 0:06
Lenwë was a Telerin Elf, founder of the Nandor and the father of Denethor
Ince was clambering over a wall at the Republican stadium in Chisinau as Glenn Hoddle 's England players tried to escape heavy rain during an under-21 clash .
It plays when the Elves and Men army arrive and the Elves fire arrows upon the newly-fortified Erebor
Those Wainriders that didnt escape back to Rhûn died in the Dead Marshes
Commonwealth ministers concerned about human rights in Nigeria may cancel a planned trip there because of government restrictions on their mission , Canadian Foreign Minister Lloyd Axworthy said on Friday .
Algerian security forces killed four Moslem guerrillas on Tuesday in a village south of the capital Algiers , an Algerian newspaper said on Thursday .
Outside of the Shire, however, Gandalf the Grey was revered as one of the most powerful and wisest beings to tread Middle-earth, although he was wary of confronting Saruman and Sauron directly as Gandalf the Grey, and admitted the latter was still more powerful after his rebirth
But they left gaps at the back and on 73 minutes Danish striker Jon Dahl Tomasson rushed out of his own half , beat the Ajax defence and lobbed van der Sar .
In spite of some Men breaking their oath of allegiance for fear of Sauron, the alliance was successful
Defence Minister Volker Ruehe said that German troops would stay on in Bosnia next year as part of an international force to ensure the establishment of peace , a newspaper reported on Saturday .
Ar-Pharazôn boarded his flagship Alcarondas ahead of his fleet and departed for Aman
He and other analysts said corporate America adopted a go-slow approach because Microsoft already was promoting the new version of its high-end Windows NT operating system , expected to be available in stores in the next several weeks .
She will be accompanied by several officials who will sign a cultural agreement with South Africa , where the Dutch were the first European settlers in 1652 .
5 - Thomas Enqvist ( Sweden ) beat Petr Korda ( Czech Republic )
They are the "seven stones" from the rhyme spoken by Gandalf, while the Palantíri are revealed to be the "seven stars"
Marion Clignet ( France ) 3:30.974 ( World Record ) beat Jane
Brazil ( half-time 0-1 ) in a soccer friendly on Saturday .
Olsza is undaunted by the level of competition in the pros .
Controversial Australian Anthony Hill called Jansher Khan a cheat during his acrimonious defeat by the world number one in the Hong Kong Open semifinals on Saturday .
But Lebed himself , the Kremlin security chief , is still waiting back in Moscow to meet Yeltsin over his plans for a lasting political settlement in Chechnya .
Lebed may be be finding that closing that political gap between the two sides is more difficult than just ending a war .
After the sack of Menegroth, Beren ambushed the Dwarves responsible and took the Nauglamír back to Lúthien
SYDNEY 1996-08-26
Brunswijk , 35 , denied the charges and said he had merely defended himself when Pinas attacked him with a bottle .
By his own people, Daerons Runes were considered to be fairly simple, however, the Dwarves held Daeron to be a genius and adopted his invention of the Cirth and passed it down through the ages, most notably in Moria
The Nárelenya is used in the "Voyage Across Belegaer, Flight of the Stormcaller, A Storm on Cobas Haven," and "The City of Corsairs" scenario"." In the "City of Corsairs" the Nárelenya, as well as, the other ships of the players fleet are destroyed among the rocks outside of Umbar
It was because of this close affiliation with horses, both in war and in peace, that they received their now famous name
Durins Folk became a nomadic people in exile
5. Mark McNulty ( Zimbabwe ) 254,247
In preparation for the upcoming war, he amassed a following of Orcs, Uruk-hai, Half-orcs, wicked Men and Wargs within Isengard - an army raised both in service and in competition of Sauron
This tongue was quite unlike the Common Speech, and seemed to have roots in an older Mannish tongue not akin to what Edain spoke
He and co-driver Derek Ringer were unhurt but team boss David Richards was furious with them .
ELIZABETH , N.J. 1996-08-27
Ai Sugiyama ( Japan ) beat Jana Kandarr ( Germany ) 6-2 6-1
6. Leah Pells ( Canada ) 4:05.64
Ñoldorin, also called Ñoldorin Quenya, was the Quenya dialect spoken by the Ñoldor
The 24-year-old Gabrich , who signed for an undisclosed fee from the Argentine side Newell Old Boys , is set to join Dutch international Patrick Kluivert in the Ajax forward line .
Beowulf may refer to: John D
Their simplistic weapons were little to no match for the servants and beasts of Morgoth, thus they suffered heavy losses and Denethor was slain
NEW YORK AT LOS ANGELES
The Mariners scored four runs in the top of the fifth to tie the game 5-5 but Ripken led off the bottom of the inning with his 21st homer off starter Sterling Hitchcock ( 12-6 ) .
Nimbrethil is a Sindarin word meaning "white" or "Silver birches." The House of Olwë was a noble house of Telerin Elves
Two were seen in the First Age: the Edain and the Easterlings, also known as the Swarthy Men
Penalties : Mehrtens .
Albania 's opposition Socialist Party began a two-day congress on Saturday to discuss major jettisoning its links with almost half a century of Stalinist dictatorship in the Balkan country .
For thousands of years these halls have been defended by stalwart and fearless warriors equipped with axe and shield
" It was about time for the Indians , the blacks and the mixed-bloods to begin eating in the palace with their president because this is not a palace exclusively for the potentates and ambassadors and protocol , " Bucaram said late on Thursday .
Weld conceded his 12-year-old daughter , Franny , is " a foot soldier " for Democratic incumbent Sen .
While viewing the majesty of these ancient halls, the Company slowly make their way across, fighting Goblins and opening various treasure chests
N. Hussain lbw b Mushtaq Ahmed 51
The Horn of the Mark, informally known as the Horn of Rohan, was a silver horn made by the Dwarves, and later given as a gift from Éowyn to Meriadoc Brandybuck
1. Verbjorn Rodal ( Norway ) 1:44.93
Todd Woodbridge ( Australia ) vs. qualifier
Second quarter growth estimates will be released when the Hong Kong government issues its half-yearly economic report on Friday .
At the time the game takes places, the tribesmen were in the process of being conquered and enslaved by Saurons forces
Mîm is put in charge of guarding the great dragons treasure in his absence
Lock Ian Jones and wing Jeff Wilson have also been named in the team despite doubts over their fitness .
Rubin 's predecessor at the Treasury , Lloyd Bentsen , was viewed with suspicion by some in the financial markets who thought he had tried to push down the dollar to gain an edge in trade negotiations with Japan .
The Shire was a part of Arthedain and as such a part of Arnor
Sometimes, "Mannish" is a term referring specifically to Adûnaic
The Captains of the West were leaders of the men who marched to the Black Gate of Mordor in TA 3019, to confront Sauron
BONN 1996-08-27
During the pickups, various inserts were shot including Bilbo drawing Sting from its scabbard after some inspirational words from Gandalf, a shot of Bilbo and Thorin overhearing Gandalf and Elrond debating
Juppe will meet Greek Prime Minister Costas Simitis and Foreign Minister Theodoros Pangalos , Reppas told reporters .
LONDON 1996-08-24
TUNIS 1996-08-31
He allowed a leadoff double to David Segui in the second , and won for the seventh time in eight decisions .
" It 's a very complicated issue , " said the Agriculture Department 's Drazek . "
The Ñoldor who came to Aman spoke Quenya, or, more specifically, its Ñoldorin dialect
The Unlight produced by Ungoliant stymied the pursuit of Oromë and Tulkas, and Melkor escaped to Middle-earth with her
LONDON 1996-08-31
She should have been Queen, but her throne was usurped by her husband, Ar-Pharazôn, who gave her the name Ar-Zimraphel (as Ruling Queen she would have preferred the Quenya "Tar-"; she would have been Tar-Míriel)
Germany imported 47,600 sheep from Britain last year , nearly half of total imports .
In payment for his safekeeping, King Arvedui gave to the Lossoth his ring, the Ring of Barahir, and bade them ransom it to his kin when the Lossoth had need
The tactics used by the Huorns were quite effective, as they only attacked when all the enemy Orcs would be in their midst, denying the Orcs chance of escape
The Calaquendi included the Vanyar, Ñoldor, and Falmari, as well as the Sindarin king Thingol alone of all his people
The toponym "Evadrien" (or "Erol"), instead, means "Coast of Iron" in Early Quenya
Gujral said he did not expect India 's veto of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty ( CTBT ) to damage bilateral ties with other nations .
He then breaks through the walls of the mountain, shakes off his gold coating, and takes flight toward Lake-town
The First Easterling War was a series of invasions, battles, and events that marked the beginning of Gondors troubles solely with the Easterlings
After the initial confrontation of Fëanors host against Morgoths forces, the Elves had defeated their foes with relative ease, but Fëanor in his pride and wrath had thought to come upon Morgoth himself, and had pursued the remnants of Morgoths army with only a small vanguard
Asa Carlsson ( Sweden ) beat Barbara Schett ( Austria ) 6-2 3-1 retired ( Thigh injury )
1 - Jansher Khan ( Pakistan ) beat Simon Frenz ( Germany ) 15-12 15-7 12-15 15-10
One year 10.5 pct 10.95
In the central bank 's latest bid to jumpstart Taiwan 's sluggish economy , Sheu ordered a reduction of up to a half-percentage point in banks ' reserve requirements and called on commercial banks to pass on the savings in the form of interest rate reductions .
- The Lebanese Association for the Democracy of Elections cited 51 incidents of violation in the north Lebanon round .
GENEVA 1996-08-22
Nigerian Major General Sam Victor Malu took over on Thursday as commander of the ECOMOG peacekeeping force in Liberia , two days after the start of the latest ceasefire in the six-year civil war .
Considering Eden, Tolkien imagined that most (with the exception of the exceptionally basic and uneducated) had tucked Genesis into a timber room of their brain as not extremely chic furniture
LONDON 1996-08-27
Nonetheless, Cheeseweb was still an important tactical base for the Free Peoples
After Númenor was sunk, Sauron secretly returned to Mordor and mustered a huge army, desiring to once more go to war with the West now that Númenor was destroyed
At the end of the Third Age, the War of the Ring was a massive conflict brought by the Dark Lord Sauron upon the Free Peoples of Middle-earth for reacquisition of the One Ring and dominion over the entire continent
Japanese Prime Minister Ryutaro Hashimoto marked the August 15 anniversary by expressing " remorse " for foreign victims of Japan 's World War Two atrocities .
The man , who said he had once been engaged to her , first knifed Kotlarska 's husband in the leg , then stabbed her three times in the chest when she tried to intervene during the incident on Tuesday .
Drúwaith Iaur is Sindarin for Old wild-folk
They were strategic points giving rare easy crossing of the wide Great River, and were used by the Balchoth, and by Eorl and his men coming southward, directly before the Battle of the Field of Celebrant
Estolad is a Sindarin word that meant Encampment
The Goblin King of Moria has ruled the underground lands for many years with an iron fist of brutality and strength
CRICKET - CRAWLEY FORCED TO SIT AND WAIT .
" This assistance will provide a fast track development programme for the designated ( northern ) safe area , " Britain 's Overseas Development Administration said in a statement .
- The north Lebanon elections ...
In the written draft, and published version Beren was changed to a Gnome (a Ñoldorin Elf), son of Egnor (which might have been an early name for Aegnor)
The sadness and the shock from the loss of their homeland lived ever after in the hearts of those of Númenórean descent, exemplified by the tradition of the Standing Silence
A Florida restaurant paid 10,925 pounds ( $ 16,935 ) for the draft of " Ai n't no telling " , which Hendrix penned on a piece of London hotel stationery in late 1966 .
There the Elves held a "Feast of Reunion" to seal their alliance against Melko and then that they fought together at Gorfalong in the Battle of Unnumbered Tears against Melko and his host of monsters and wicked Men
Hordern was home to Men whose ancestors had once sided with Morgoth, and as a result remained under the watch of Silvan Elves
H. Streak b M. Waugh 0
Suddenly, Túrin heard the cries of a woman being chased by men through a hazel-thicket
11. Heinz-Harald Frentzen ( Germany ) 6
Walsh was born in Wellington, New Zealand and attended intent on becoming a , but eventually became interested in music instead
After the rebuilding of Dale, Bard the Bowman was the first king of restored Dale, followed by his son Bain, grandson Brand, and great-grandson Bard II, who became King of Dale after his father was slain by the Easterlings in the Battle of Dale in the War of the Ring
In the meantime , Taibe will play all their heavily policed home matches at the Jewish coastal town of Netanya .
After the King died his three sons fought over the Kingship which lead to the fracturing of the Dunlendings into three clans: Boar, Raven, and Wolf
Three War Trolls are killed from a volley of spears hurled by the Dwarves before they reach their ranks, and the remaining three trolls are cut down by the axes and swords of the Dwarven warriors
The name "Cardolan" may have been dialect Sindarin for Red hill land, though J.R.R. Tolkien never specified the names meaning
12. Frank Nobilo ( New Zealand ) 209,412
The local police headquarters did not give a figure but said 1,800 workers at the Cherbourg yeard had stopped work .
Dublin-born director Neil Jordan says he never lost more sleep over a film than over " Michael Collins " , his controversial epic about the IRA which has its premiere on Saturday at the Venice Film Festival .
4. Gounon , Bernard , Belmondo 98
Maakinen 's and Mitsubishi 's positions were strengthened by the late retirement of Spain 's Carlos Sainz when his Ford gearbox failed .
When the exiled Dwarves of the Lonely Mountain tried to reclaim Moria, the infamous Azog led his Orc army against them, resulting in the Battle of Azanulbizar
On Monday , in the first round of voting , Meri secured 45 votes and Ruutel 34 .
The triangle of land between the Isen, Adorn and the White Mountains, the West-March, was nominally part of the Kingdom of Rohan, but in the late Third Age it was a contested area between the Rohirrim and the Dunlendings
The Corsairs were all killed by the Army of the Dead
The area is littered with caves and police believed Fox has a hideout which has enabled him to evade capture .
6. Erik Camerlengo ( Italy ) Yamaha
These forces fled in terror with the arrival of Aragorn and the Army of the Dead, with Aragorn using the captured Corsair fleet to ferry reinforcements to Minas Tirith
LONDON 1996-08-22
Switzerland at Slovak Republic
Thorin became King-in-Exile of Durins Folk in TA 2850 after his father went missing, and died in the dungeons of Dol Guldur
Somerset 236-4 ( M. Lathwell 85 ) .
His attack value of 2 is good enough for him to be used as an attacker regularly, however, some enemies will take a few turns to die if Eldahir is attacking alone
Portland sources said feed mixer demand was keeping pace with millfeed production and driving prices higher .
He and Wootten served as concept designers, and Mahys concept sketches of Shelob, Orc armor, the corpses in the Dead Marshes, Grond, and Haradrim warriors are featured, alongside his commentary, in Gary Russells "The Art of The Two Towers" (2002) and "The Art of The Return of the King" (2003)"." As an artist, Mahy also contributes to the card-game "Magic: The Gathering." "The End of the Third Age" is the title of Part One of "Sauron Defeated", and is Part Four of "The History of The Lord of the Rings "altogether, but the same text was also published separately as a paperback edition in September of 2000, by Houghton Mifflin (US) (ISBN 0-618-08356-1)
Estonia assembly again fails to elect president .
It appears to be made of the Quenya words "elen" ("star") and "-ndur" ("follower, servant") or "-ndil" ("friend")
MARACAIBO , Venezuela 1996-08-26
" Our bonds were better bid initially but they sold off on a lack of demand , and the short end went with it too on a lower currency .
Barnagar n.a Yellow - -
MANAMA 1996-08-26
They were pleasant and well-ordered communities where the Fallohides, Harfoots, and Stoors lived and intermingled with each other in peace
When Azog orders his lieutenant and the army to stop the march, Bolg reports that Legolas and Tauriel survived, in which Azog orders his son to go to Mount Gundabad and bring another army to serve as reinforcements
30. Lithuania 8.06
Democratic leaders said there was not room on the program for every retired governor to speak .
Finland 1 1 0 0 7 3 2
England beat Moldova 2-0 ( halftime 1-0 ) in a European Under-21 soccer championship group 2 qualifier on Saturday .
The meaning of the original term Tûk, of Hobbitish Westron, is unknown
- Tempelhof 202 down 60.0
BELGRADE 1996-08-29
Maidros, or Golfinweg, was a Ñoldorin Elf in earlier versions of the legendarium
American Nate Miller successfully defended his WBA cruiserweight title when he knocked out compatriot James Heath in the seventh round of their bout on Saturday .
Hwaldar is a very soft target, making it easy to bring him down with advanced weapons, and as more powerful infantry begin to appear in the fight his buffs on his infantry begin to be outclassed by more powerful hero abilities of the opposing faction (Lurtz, King Dain, etc.) and his hill-men allies will be easily slaughtered
More than a thousand women , children and men gathered in a field to the north of the town of Urus-Martan on Saturday to wait for a column of rebels to withdraw from the capital Grozny about 25 km ( 12 miles ) away .
Thus, in his wrath he killed both Brodda and Orlin
" No , they have good intentions , " Arafat quoted Ross as saying .
3. Vyacheslav Ekimov ( Russia ) Rabobank 29 seconds behind
"Calen" - Sindarin word for green
17 - Karina Habsudova ( Slovakia ) beat Nathalie Dechy ( France ) 6-4 6-2
The Barrow-blades had long, leaf-shaped blades, which were damasked with serpent-forms in red and gold
In Early Quenya the character is called "Veran" or "Verain" that means "bear", with "Beren" being its Gnomish equivalent
However Gondors possession was not to last long and soon Umbar was lost to the Haradrim and new Corsairs, mostly of Haradrim descent emerged
When they arrive, Bilbo and three Dwarves are sent to investigate the main entrance on the south side
In ", Sauron begins calling upon the Haradrim and Easterlings who came to Mordor
As the battle raged, Aragorn, along with the Grey Company and the Army of the Dead, arrived
4 - Goran Ivanisevic ( Croatia ) beat Scott Draper ( Australia ) 6-7 ( 1-7 ) 6-3 6-4 6-4
Bard leads an army of men to the Lonely Mountain to inform Bilbo and the Dwarves that Smaug is gone and that he has been made king, and requests a share of the treasure to help rebuild Lake-town
The Sindarin name "Forodwaith" translates loosely as "Northern Waste", and was a name for the land north of the Iron Mountains of the First Age
He was the son of the Gnome Ban
He is stabbed by one of Uruk commanders half-orcs, and falls to the ground, while another courageous Man of Rohan jumps in to defend him who bravely dies, giving just enough time for Grimbold and the rest of the men retreating from Isengard to mount a rescue
" I 've been trying my whole career to be aggressive , " said the 24-year-old Martinez after crushing Tauziat in just over an hour .
Oropher answered the summons for the Last Alliance of Elves and Men but marched as an independent force with Amdír, King of Lórien
The popular Swede is playing his final major tournament next week and the two-time champion 's Grand Slam farewell could well be a one-match affair .
Baltimore has won seven of nine and 16 of its last 22 and cut the Yankees ' lead in the A.L. East to five games .
But tournament officials announced about four-and-a-half hours before the match that Courtois had pulled out due to a left knee bone inflammation , moving Seles into the next round on a walkover .
Despite Rómendacils glorious victory, the Easterlings would remain a threat and would again renew their attacks on Gondor forty-one years later
Jonathon Power ( Canada ) beat Ahmed Barada ( Egypt ) 11-15 8-15
Lord of Moria was one of the titles of the rulers of Durins Folk and Khazad-dûm (Moria), before the Dwarven diaspora
They enter the citadel by its western gate where they met with the main army
But nationalist groups , scared by the prospect of renewed Moscow domination and Russia 's backing for Lukashenko , protested against the deal .
Realising that they had sufficient power to strike back, Elendil and Gil-galad formed the Last Alliance of Elves and Men, with the aim of putting an end to Sauron for good
EU Commission cool on changing beef cull plan .
Yet at the last, in the later Third Age, the Dúnedain of Gondor waned, for their blood became much mingled with that of other men, especially the Northmen of Rhovanion
Ann Grossman ( U.S. ) beat Silvia Farina ( Italy ) 6-4 6-3
PARIS 1996-08-28
- Parliament completes draft law on protection of river waters in Iraq .
Gondors power reached its Golden Age under the four "Ship-kings": Such was Gondors wealth during the period that men from other lands would say in envy: "In Gondor precious stones are but pebbles for the children to play with." Gondor enjoyed several centuries of peace due to its military might
Gondor and the Easterling armies clashed somewhere, perhaps to the north of Mordor, and Gondor emerged victorious
The foreign ministry later announced Israeli Foreign Minister David Levy would visit Bonn for talks with his German counterpart Klaus Kinkel next month .
Lee illustrated many of the scenarios for the movies, including objects and weapons for the actors
Seat posted 3,420 registrations compared with 5522 registrations in July a year earlier .
The next century was mostly peaceful although Arador was killed by hill-trolls and his son Arathorn II was killed while hunting Orcs.Arathorns son, Aragorn II succeeded him, who between 2957 to 2980 took great journeys, serving in the armies of King Thengel of Rohan, and Steward Ecthelion II of Gondor
" At the same time , it 's an advantage for Cofinec that it has a foreign management which perhaps understands the market better , " Erdei added .
A standout amongst the most dazzling occasions of Northern nature, said Tolkien, depicting the faint quiet dim world with gems of rime, bound netted webs, and precious stone examples
Bowling : Wasim Akram 29.2-9-83-3 , Waqar Younis 25-6-95-4 ,
PSV Eindhoven 4 ( Faber 32nd , Nilis 63rd 79th , Petrovic 78th )
Two Scotland players were shown yellow cards , captain Gary McAllister for bringing down Andreas Heraf and Ferguson for arguing against the referee 's decision .
The Roosevelts are good friends of Weld and his wife , Susan Roosevelt Weld , a descendant of former President Theodore Roosevelt , who won the presidency as a Republican .
The last player-character to join the party, Eaoden reveals this upon returning to Osgiliath later, to fight off Gothmogs forces
Duessseldorf 31,347 down 4.4
Húrin was a Sindarin word that meant "Steadfast"
Before departing on the Corsair ships, Aragorn orders Angbor to march his men towards towards the White City and the player accompanies his men for a while on their way through Upper Lebennin and Lossarnach before parting ways
Finally, their weapons were taken and the company was ejected from Brethil, because Túrin murdered Brandir, but their lives where spared because the Haladin where grateful for the slaying of Glaurung
Linda Wild ( U.S. ) beat Sung-Hee Park ( South Korea ) 6-2 6-3
During Gondors war with the Wainriders, King Ondohers army was caught by surprise and some of his defeated army attempted to escape into the marshes, only to drown
In the ", Elven Rope is the gift given to Sam by Galadriel
BANGKOK
Later in the First Age Mithrim was ruled by Fingolfin, as it formed the most densely populated part of Hithlum
CARDIFF 1996-08-31
Angel Aguirre pledged the elections will be free and fair and said he did not expect any trouble from the elusive new guerrilla group , the Popular Revolutionary Army .
Men called for their last known leader to join the Elves in a final struggle against the Witch-king
When the time came, the Men of the Mountains broke their oath and would not fight against Sauron, for they had worshiped him before in the Dark Years
After the Fall of Doriath, the Dwarves of Nogrod marched homewards with the stolen Nauglamír and the rest of the treasures of that land, but Beren, at the head of an army of Laiquendi and Ents, destroyed the Dwarf army at the Battle of Sarn Athrad
GENEVA 1996-08-22
-- Oliver Ludwig , New York Energy Desk +1 212 859 1633
Amanda Coetzer ( South Africa ) beat 6 - Anke Huber ( Germany ) 6-1 2-6 6-2
England first innings 326 ( J. Crawley 106 , G. Thorpe 54 ; Waqar
CYCLING - BALLANGER KEEPS SPRINT TITLE IN STYLE .
At in Minnesota, Salo studied , , and linguistics, which stimulated his mastery of Tolkiens languages
Gloucestershire 3 .
After he appeared to repent and was released, he sowed great discord among the Elves, and stirred up rivalry between the Ñoldorin King Finwës two sons Fëanor and Fingolfin
The treasure is taken by his father
After Morgoths defeat, Sauron extended his influence over the Easterlings and although Sauron was defeated by the Last Alliance of Elves and Men at the end of the Second Age, the Easterlings were the first enemies to attack Gondor again in TA 492
Elrond and Elros were given the choice at the end of the First Age to be counted among Men or Elves
Three years after the war, Isildur was killed at the Gladden Fields, and the One Ring was lost in the river for two-and-a-half millennia
May 24 Second one-day international ( at The Oval ,
Analysts had on average expected a pre-abnormals profit of A$ 1.343 billion .
-- Avalon Borough , N.J. , $ 11.4 million GOs .
Partly cloudy in northern India with a few light showers .
Tarango , whose Wimbledon tantrum two years ago brought him a $ 28,000 fine and suspension from this year 's tournament at the All-England Club , argued calls and taunted fans in his lively two hour , 24 minute tango with Rios on the grandstand .
Prime Minister H.D. Deve Gowda 's centre-left government hopes the elections will help restore normality and democratic rule in Jammu and Kashmir , where more than 20,000 people have died in insurgency-related violence since 1990 .
One night near the end of the winter, the Dunlendings heard his horn but he did not appear
OAKLAND AT BALTIMORE
Nen Hithoel was Sindarin for water of mist
There they seal they alliance with the exiled Gnomes led by Nólemë at a "Feast of Reunion", and after that they fought together at Gorfalong in the Battle of Unnumbered Tears against Melko and his host of monsters and wicked Men
3. Falilat Ogunkoya ( Nigeria ) 49.97
5. Olga Slioussareva ( Russia ) 36.170
BOXING - PANAMA 'S ROBERTO DURAN FIGHTS THE SANDS OF TIME .
His bow was called Belthronding and his arrow was Dailir
Chamorro has complained of lower back pain since her trip to Taiwan in May , when the pain forced her to go to Taipei University Hospital for an examination .
The three Islamic Taleban guards were overpowered by seven Russian aircrew who escaped to UAE state Sharjah last Friday on board their own aircraft after a year in the captivity of Taleban militia in Kandahar in southern Afghanistan .
NY Dow close London opening LME close
ZDF said Germany imported 47,600 sheep from Britain last year , nearly half of total imports .
LONDON 1996-08-22
PRETORIA , South Africa 1996-08-24
BNZ cuts NZ fixed home lending rates .
( Spain )
After the One Ring was destroyed and Aragorn crowned King of Gondor, Gimli rebuilt the gate using mithril, steel, and decorative jewels
Chang ran off the next three points to close out the match but for Oncins , the contest was a personal victory .
Jordanes reports that Theodoric was thrown off by his horse and trampled to death by his own men who charged forward
When Annaels people left Androth, they were ambushed by a force of Easterlings under their chief Lorgan, and they took Tuor as a slave
The original Sindarin name means "Long River"
With the arrival of the Rohirrim, the men of Gondor were encouraged and sortied from the city to attack their besiegers, beginning the Battle of the Pelennor Fields
Borussia Moenchengladbach 1 ( Andersson 22nd ) Karlsruhe 3
At that time, Men also awoke in the east of Middle-earth
TENNIS - EDBERG EXTENDS GRAND SLAM RUN , TOPPLES WIMBLEDON CHAMP .
BEIJING 1996-08-31
Udinese , with Germany 's Euro ' 96 hero Oliver Bierhoff in their lineup , completed the hat-trick of beaten serie A sides when they went under 2-1 to newly relegated Cremonese .
Belegaer comes from the Sindarin words beleg, meaning mighty and aer or "eär", meaning sea (which is also present in the name "Eärendil")
BUENOS AIRES 1996-08-26
A view of Dale (a city of Northmen located directly outside Erebor) was seen from the Gate
HELSINKI 1996-08-22
Koranic reading sessions and prayers were to be held in the farming town of Badi-Tondon , near his home about 60 km ( 40 miles ) from the capital Conakry .
The house descended from the Greater Folk that dwelt in the woods near the north-eastern shores of the Sea of Rhûn
Tenacity 70 24/08 Mideast / South Korea W145 Samsung .
BUENOS AIRES , Argentina 1996-08-27
The following list showcases some examples of archaic Hobbitish terms: Behind the scenes
In Jerusalem , Israeli security forces were bracing for thousands of Palestinians expected to answer Arafat 's call earlier this week to come to the city holy to Moslems , Arabs and Jews to pray in protest against Israel 's settlement policy in the West Bank and delay in peace negotiations .
When the army arrived and Earnur challenged Rogash, many Elves and Men fell under the mighty sword of Rogash until Earnur fought against him and killed him
He said that despite the new law , Wisconsin will still require federal waivers allowing the working poor to acquire health care coverage from the state , a 60-day residency requirement for participation in the welfare program , and child support collections to go directly to custodial parents .
Penalties : Joel Stranksy ( 3 ) .
Yávien was the first child and only daughter of Nolondil, the youngest son of the short-reigning King Vardamir Nólimon
A Goblin archer sees them, but they kill him before he can warn the others
In The Hobbit (2003 video game), Sandyman was given the full name of "Carl Sandyman" and was the son of the miller in the game
BUCHAREST 1996-08-27
The Éothéod joined them and came to the aid of Gondors Northern Army near the Black Gate, but they were defeated and the Éothéod retreated
In the Great Journey to Valinor, Lenwë followed Olwë with the host of the Teleri until they reached the Anduin, where he forsook the westward march
There he made the Úvanimor, monsters of diverse kinds and shapes breed from the earth; they were monsters, giants, ogres and Wicked dwarves (the Nauglath) and these were the agents of Melkor - but Orcs were not made until he had looked upon the Elves
The spelling "Ñoldor" is used in later writings, but even in earlier versions the name "Ñoldo" came from a Primitive Quendian stem *NGolodō, which led to "NGoldo" (Ñoldo) in Quenya and Golodh in Sindarin
- The government has suffered a loss of 11 billion rupees due to tax holidays at industrial estates in Hub and Gadoon .
Officials in the port of Whittier said on Thursday that they found Tuan Quac Phan , 29 , dehydrated , famished and terrified after sailing to Alaska from Canada in the boxcar loaded on a barge , a trip that takes about five days .
The Dunlendings continued their harassment of Rohan through the time of Helm Hammerhand, 9th King of Rohan
" The ceasefire is being observed , " said woman soldier Svetlana Goncharova , 35 , short dark hair poking out from under a peaked camouflage cap .
Glamorgan first innings forfeited and 273-5 ( H. Morris
On their way back from Doriath, they were hunted down by Beren Erchamion and killed by his army of Laiquendi and a group of Ents
Cukaricki 0 Hajduk 2
The two fought until the One Ring was destroyed in the War of the Ring, wherein the Dark Lord Sauron was finally defeated
In a departure from Númenórean practice, equal primogeniture was abolished in favour of an exclusively male succession, perhaps because of the role the King had in both realms as supreme army commander and the frequent wars in which the realms were embroiled
The pair last worked together when Scotland won the Five Nations grand slam in 1990 .
A terror to Elves, Men and Orcs alike, he burst from Angband, slaying anything and everything in his path
- Investment Minister Asif Ali Zardari expressed keenness for a close working relationship with Japanese companies so that investment from Japan can multiply.q
Vanyarin Quenya started to diverge from the common tongue when the Vanyar decided to abandon Eldamar for Valmar, in order to live closer to the Valar
Radio Red quoted local police in the town of Tacambaro , Michoacan , 80 km ( 50 miles ) south of the state capital Morelia , as saying 40 to 50 armed men attacked the convoy .
In TA 1974, Angmar launched a final attack on Arthedain and captured Fornost
Orioles manager Davey Johnson missed the game after being admitted to a hospital with an irregular heartbeat .
Eöl "the Dark Elf" paid Thingol with the sword Anglachel for permission to dwell in Nan Elmoth
Each éored was led by a captain
In ", it is seen when Éowyn is training with a Rohirrim sword; Aragorn approaches parries the blade with his knife
Petra Langrova ( Czech Republic ) beat Karina Adams ( U.S. ) 6-4 6-2
All that is Gold does not Glitter was a poem written by Bilbo Baggins to describe Aragorn, used by him to help convince Frodo and company to trust him in his guise as "Strider"
" A great game has been started in Afghanistan as America feels that Tehran and Moscow have got stronger in the Afghan picture -- something Washington wants to change , " he said .
Belgrade 's main airport Aerodrom Beograd will be closed to traffic for runway maintenance and modernization from September 21 to 26 , the Yugoslav news agency Tanjug reported late on Friday .
The Hobbits are pursued by the Black Riders all the way to Bucklebury Ferry on the borders of Buckland
"Esse "- Quenya word for Name
The swoop followed the resignation of the university 's Vice-Chancellor Dr. Emajuddin Ahmed on Saturday over the deteriorating law and order situation on the campus .
The North Atlantic Treaty Organisation 's spokesman on Saturday declined all comment on reports of armed conflict in northern Iraq .
Bilbo finds the Arkenstone, a valuable dwarf treasure, and pockets it; Bilbo also is given a chain-mail shirt of Mithril from Thorin
Peter Lyon also forged swords, each taking from three to six days, creating spring steel "hero" swords for close-ups, aluminum fight swords and rubber versions, too
3. Jeff Williams ( U.S. ) 20.21
Sauron sent his army to destroy the Men of Gondor and Rohan at the Battle of the Black Gate, but then Frodo Baggins destroyed the One Ring and Mordor fell
After a delayed opening , the stock was off 1-1/2 to 18-7/8 .
Tolkien calls his own particular history so wrong and impulsive in about every point that it made it troublesome for him to advice judiciousness
Nearly all of the words for foam in both Sindarin and Quenya are used interchangeably for the words like ("surge, wave and crest"), hence the Sindarin word with the same prefix "falastala" which is the present tense verb or adjective for ("surging")
The Westron speech was derived from the Adûnaic tongue of Númenor, and originated as a Creole language on the western coastlands of the continent of Middle-earth, when the Númenorians established trade outposts and forts there
Akron , Ohio , $ 6 mln bonds rated single-A - Moody 's .
A Libyan man has been found stabbed to death in Malta , police said on Friday .
In fact, the scholars succeeded to deduce a system of conjugation for Sindarin verbs or to create Sindarin words from Quenya cognates or artificially derive new words from related ones, or from Proto-Quendian roots or using the Noldorin language of "The Etymologies"
"Talan", plural "telain", is a Sindarin word
Some of these Lesser Ologs that appear are smaller in size than those that appear in either film adaptation and stand about in between 9 and 11 feet in height. Interestingly enough, even though they do speak the black speech on occasion, they mostly speak the common speech (Westron/English) even though Olog-hai are supposed to only be able to speak the black speech, and very sparingly at that
CRICKET - RAIN BRINGS PREMATURE END TO SRI LANKA MATCH .
His only weapons shown are a hunting bow and arrows and a long dagger
6. Mathias Ntawulikura ( Rwanda ) 27:25.48
Jonas Bjorkman ( Sweden ) beat David Nainkin ( South Africa ) ) 6-4 6-1 6-1
The eastern Wargs seen in the "Lord of the Rings" film trilogy are noticeably hyena-like in appearance
Duinhir was notably tall, and had been seen by Bergil and Pippin entering the White City initially with his men
Fingolfin was the first High King of the Ñoldor in Beleriand; the Ñoldor being one of the three branches of Elves
They put on new coats of mail and choose the finest weapons
3. Sally Barsosio ( Kenya ) 14:58.29
Gimli considered the Beornings the best bakers he knew, though they were not so willing to give out their cakes to travelers during the days of the War of the Ring
In Peter Jacksons "The Lord of the Rings" film trilogy, the Haradrim managed to attach war-harnesses to the backs of the Mûmakil, made of canvas and bamboo
Towards the close of the tale of Túrin Turambar, Anglachel even speaks
The heroes forge an alliance between Isgenard and the Dunlendings for protection against Saurons forces and hopes to bring peace between Dunland and Rohan
More than 300 U.S. warplanes and 20 ships were available on Saturday in case President Bill Clinton ordered the use of U.S. force against Iraqi military action in northern Iraq , U.S. defense officials said .
-- Budapest newsroom ( 36 1 ) 327 4040
But nor are there any records of alliance or friendly communication; Gondor seems rather to have been preoccupied with the peoples to its east and south, and with the threat of Mordor, which Gondor guarded with a series of fortresses
( Netherlands ) 15-11 18-14
Erdmann told reporters Bonn supported European Union efforts to persuade Israel to stop further Jewish settlement on the West Bank .
The Peter Jacksons movie trilogy about "The Lord of the Rings" gave a new boost to the study of Tolkiens linguistics, because in the movies were featured lyrics in some neo-languages
Bofur can later be seen fighting Orcs, and later fighting Orcs and Wargs along with the rest of the company
The forts at the Undeeps were repaired beforehand but Gondor lacked the men to garrison them fully and the invaders swiftly penetrated the defense
288 Shigeki Maruyama ( Japan ) 75 71 70 72 , Anders Forsbrand (
Deputy Secretary of State Strobe Talbott flew to Ottawa on Monday to meet his Russian counterpart and discuss a range of bilateral and European security issues , the State Department said .
AMSTERDAM 1996-08-25
During that battle, Aragorn II, the Chieftain of the Dúnedain of the North, and thus a descendant of both Isildur and Anárion, distinguished himself by arriving with a strong relief army at the critical moment, and was acclaimed by the people of Gondor as King; his only notable opponent within Gondors ruling classes, Ruling Steward Denethor II, was driven mad and committed suicide on the day of the battle
France on Saturday handed a suspected member of the Basque separatist group ETA to Spanish authorities , French Interior Ministry officials said .
lost , winning percentage and games behind ) :
Zirak ("spike" or "silver") and Gamil ("old") are Khuzdul words
Idraens willpower of 2 is good for her to be used for questing regularly
MOUNTAIN VIEW , Calif. 1996-08-25
BONN 1996-08-24
Against the will of the Valar, the Elves of Tol Eressëa set out on the "First Faring Forth", an expedition to help their kin in the Great Lands in the war against Melko and his army of Goblins, Nauglath, and wicked Men
6. Yulia Graudin ( Russia ) 12.96
He joined Mickey Cochrane , Johnny Bench and Terry Kennedy as the only catchers with 40 doubles in a season .
1. Roberta Brunet ( Italy ) 14 minutes 48.96 seconds
The film , starring Liam Neeson and Julia Roberts , recounts the life of Michael Collins , the Irish Republican Army 's Director of Intelligence who fought for Irish independence from 1919 to 1921 .
What exactly happened to the Entwives was something J.R.R. Tolkien wanted to keep a mystery, even to himself, but in one of his letters he said, "I think that in fact the Entwives have disappeared for good, being destroyed with their gardens in the War of the Last Alliance." In "The Two Towers", the second volume of Tolkiens "The Lord of the Rings", the Ents — usually very patient, deliberate beings — do become angry at Saruman, whose army is cutting down (in their eyes, killing) large numbers of their trees
PRESALE - Marion County Board of Education , W. Va .
Duinhirs sons perished in the fight, but his own fate is not told
Some 850 refugees have landed in recent weeks at the port of Rameswaram in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu , home to 50 million Tamil-speaking people , port officials say .
Ûshak was an Uruk of Mordor
The game is the second licensed game for the setting, the other being "Middle-earth Role Playing" from Iron Crown Enterprises
Later, Durin IV pleads with his father again to reconsider, and allow the mining and trading of mithril, but the king is enraged when Durin III references his late mother in saying that Elrond is as close to him as a brother
Middle-earth Collectible Card Game (MECCG) is a by Iron Crown Enterprises
Irish soccer manager Mick McCarthy on Friday announced the team to play Liechtenstein in Saturday 's World Cup qualifying match .
They fought the Battle of the Black Gate until the One Ring was destroyed
Business : Company 's goal is to become a national provider of high quality extended-stay hotels in strategically selected markets located throughout the United States .
The rift between Rohan and the Dunlendings remained over two centuries later, when many Dunlendings sided with Saruman in the War of the Ring
211 Robert Allenby ( Australia ) 69 71 71
Nigeria was suspended from the Commonwealth in November after the execution of Ken Saro-Wiwa and eight other minority rights activists in defiance of international pleas for clemency .
It is probable the Sindarin name Orodreth would have been retained nonetheless: Tolkien seldom changed names after they had long been used, even if only in unpublished writings
-- Huw Jones , New York Commodities 212-859-1646
Martin Wolk
-- Dimitris Kontogiannis , Athens Newsroom +301 3311812-4
First Chang approached the umpire , then Oncins , then Chang again before play finally resumed .
1886 - At Skeleton Canyon in Arizona , Geronimo , Apache chief and leader of the last great Red Indian rebellion finally surrendered to General Nelson Miles .
As Melkor began corrupting and despoiling the world, creating many unnatural monsters, weapons became necessary or, at the very least preferred for Oromë, was a great hunter and was often in Middle-earth hunting these unnatural abominations
In the end it was decided that an army of 7,000 would ride forth
Bristol : Gloucestershire 183 and 185-6 ( J. Russell 56 not out ) , Northamptonshire 190 ( K. Curran 52 ; A. Smith 5-68 ) .
When Celeborn and Galadriel parted from Aragorn, Celeborn said to his granddaughters husband: "Kinsman, farewell! May your doom be other than mine, and your treasure remain with you to the end!" Celeborn may have been anticipating the day when his own wife would depart for the Undying Lands while he remained in Middle-earth
Pakistan were 473-6 at tea on the fourth day of the third and final test at The Oval on Sunday in reply to England 's 326 .
At first, only the Ñoldor had dealings with Men, as the other Elves feared them, but over the generations, Men served the Ñoldor and gained their respect
LEEDS , England 1996-08-26
He and his men made a camp in Mirkwood
14. Padraig Harrington ( Ireland ) 202,593
Anna Kournikova ( Russia ) beat Natalia Baudone ( Italy ) 6-3 6-3
NEW YORK 1996-08-29
Wandering through Mirkwood, Bilbo and the Dwarves are captured by spiders, but Bilbo escapes by killing a spider with his sword, and then names his sword Sting
Shearer takes the captaincy on a trial basis , but new coach Glenn Hoddle said he saw no reason why the former Blackburn and Southampton skipper should not make the post his own .
Series one-day ( 50 overs ) cricket match between Australia and
Some Easterlings offered their services to the Elvish kingdoms in Beleriand, among them were Bór and his sons and Ulfang the Black and his sons
Limpë was an ancient drink of the Eldar
Astrid is portrayed in the series second episode by Jane Montgomery Griffiths
Tommy Thompson said Thursday .
The 2-1 aggregate took Mauritius into the group phase of the qualifiers for the 1998 finals , and kept up the Seychelles ' record of never having won an official match in their 10 years of FIFA membership .
The captain of the Hobbitry-in-arms was the Thain, who summoned it at a Shire-muster in times of emergency
Aldarion is a Quenya word meaning "Son of trees" from "alda" ("trees") and "-ion" ("son")
Sri Lanka said on Friday the United States had promised to stamp out any illegal activities on U.S. soil directed against the island 's government .
Australian police on Wednesday continued to hunt a gunman in dense bushland after he killed his wife and wounded three other people , warning the man is extremely dangerous and may take a hostage to escape .
Although they were inclined to be fat and did not hurry unnecessarily, they were also nimble and deft in their movements
143 David Gilford 69 74
SAN FRANCISCO 1996-08-27
It is the background music of Thorin and Companys escape from the Halls of Thranduil through the underground river
3. Gillian Russell ( Jamaica ) 12.95
One of the symbols of the office was the great pearl Nimphelos
Ijaz Ahmed b Croft 79
" Israel has started the war on Jerusalem .
Upon his death, Thranduil returned the blade and Orcrist was placed upon Thorins tomb under the Lonely Mountain, and it "gleamed ever in the dark if foes approached"
The One Ring came into existence during this period
Tianjin boasts a range of infrastructure facilities , attracting several multinational oil companies to invest in recent years .
8. Eleuterio Anguita ( Spain ) MX Onda
LONDON 1996-08-22
AMSTERDAM 1996-08-22
He first appears in "" at the Council of Elrond, where he suggests that Gondor use the One Ring as a weapon against Sauron
Perhaps, "Faniel" means "white daughter" in Quenya
Vladimir Smicer ( Lens ) , Christopher Wreh ( Guingamp ) .
There were also quite a few Half-orcs
Cofinec , the first foreign company to list on the Budapest bourse , released its consolidated first half figures ( IAS ) this morning .
The 20-year-old Rubin , who was to be seeded 11th , is still suffering from tendinitis of the right wrist that has kept her sidelined in recent months .
Organisers flatly denied ever threatening Machado but immediately put her under wraps and blocked access to her .
3. Tony Whiteman ( Britain ) 3:54.87
Gandalf also could make illusions such as when he covered Bilbos use of the One Ring at his party
Etymology. Tolkien uses the term scimitar to describe any curved blade existing in Middle-earth
In the year TA 3001, Bilbo Baggins gave Old Rory Brandybuck a dozen bottles of Old Winyards as a parting gift; after which Rory forgave Bilbo for his vanishing trick at the party and declared him a capital fellow after the first bottle
However, the Quenya name Atani remained as a term for all mankind
The court rejected Sieg 's argument that Lauck 's extradition from Denmark , where he was arrested in March last year at the request of German authorities , was illegal .
5. John Kocinski ( U.S. ) Ducati 38:36.306
Salim Malik 1 0 1 0 -
It has investments in several industrial joint ventures in China .
MOSCOW 1996-08-27
The Eldar sought ever to remind the Men of Númenor however, that death was a gift from Ilúvatar to all Men, and to lose faith in Ilúvatar would be heretical.Nevertheless, after SA 2221, when Tar-Ancalimon became King of Númenor the majority began to break from the ways of their forefathers, forsaking the reverence of Eru and the Valar
SOCCER - FRANCE BEAT MEXICO 2-0 IN FRIENDLY .
They also went close a minute before the interval when a promising attack saw the ball fall to Markus Schopp but he hit his shot wide .
Neither Lebed nor Maskhadov made any statement before the talks .
The Merlock Mountains were a mysterious mountain range, near the dwelling of the legendary Mewlips
2 - Michael Chang ( U.S. ) beat Jaime Oncins ( Brazil ) 3-6 6-1 6-0 7 - 6 ( 8-6 )
During the Weathertop sequence, Philippa Boyens shot some second-unit footage
It was called "Silverlode" in Westron and "Kibil-nâla" in Khuzdul, the language of Dwarves
" Israel could not confront a united Arab stand or usurp their rights because the Arab rights could be regained when they achieve unity and solidarity , " Damascus radio said .
Brann - Mons Ivar Mjelde ( 10th ) , Jan Ove Pedersen ( 72nd )
After they eat, Thorin explains to his fellow Dwarves and Bilbo that the evil dragon Smaug stole their treasure in the Lonely Mountain, and they need Bilbo to take it back for them
Linzer ASK 5 0 3 2 4 8 3
The traditional Quenya version of his name was Tar-Falassion
+5 Loren Roberts through 9
In one letter , a black soldier heading South wrote his wife , " though great is the present national difficulties yet I look forward to a brighter day when I shall have the oportunity of seeing you in the full enjoyment of freedom .
Though they preferred the peaceful light of Valinor, the Vanyar were skilled in the arts of war and were known for their fashioning of spears, thus they no doubt fielded a formidable army in the war
Elrond is sceptical, while Saruman is dismissive of Gandalfs claims
However, when she tried to use her stinger to inject Sam with venom, he dodged at the last moment and was able to stab her in the abdomen with Sting
championship at Collingtree Park on Wednesday ( Britain unless
" We were not able to consider Jacques Kallis , Paul Adams and Shaun Pollock due to injury and the replacements have all come from the A tour and it 's great that they are all in form . "
Davies also noted : " We 've talked about the passport restriction for travel to Libya " but he did not elaborate .
Dagor fought against the Witch-kings army during the Siege of Minas Ithil, though his fate following the citys fall is unknown
The Dwarves of Durins Folk considered the Ered Mithrin as part of their land as far back as the reign of Durin I
In St Louis , Tom Pagnozzi had three hits and three RBI and Alan Benes scattered six hits over six-plus innings as the Cardinals beat the Colorado Rockies 7-4 .
Orcrist was made in Gondolin and was called the Goblin-cleaver while Glamdring was called the Foe-hammer, and was used by the king of Gondolin
The tabloid Star magazine reported the married Morris had a lengthy affair with a $ 200-an-hour prostitute who he allowed to eavesdrop on telephone conversations with Clinton , and with whom he shared White House speeches before they were made .
At the wishes of Denethor, Berethor and his men fought to reclaim Osgiliath from the invading Orcs
Slovakia beat the Faroe Islands 2-1 ( halftime 1-0 ) in their World Cup soccer European group six qualifying match on Saturday .
Predrosa drilled a right-foot shot into the back of the net after 24 minutes to set Sporting on the way to victory .
While passing through the marshes, a Black Rider on a Fellbeast passed overhead, terrifying Gollum enough that he started to slip back into his old speech-habits, which he had somewhat given up after swearing to "serve the master of the Precious." They exited the Marshes on the morning of March 2, 3019
Additionally, he mentioned (including in his audio commentary on the Lord of the Rings DVD) serving in Special Operations Executive, though all details of actions undertaken by members of the SOE are still classified
The Catapult was a projectile weapon that shot debris and rocks against the enemy
" We could lift the ban tomorrow , but that would not mean anything immediately , " said Drazek . "
As the Army of the West was marching through Ithilien, they were set upon by Easterlings and Haradrim
At least 30 people have been killed and about 100 injured in the flood-hit Pakistani city of Lahore , newspapers reported on Saturday .
2. Annett Neumann ( Germany ) 35.202
Adar leads his army to Ostirith to destroy those who refused to obey him, and finds the tower empty
Over time the Númenóreans came to resent the Ban of the Valar and to rebel against their authority, seeking the everlasting life that they believed was begrudged them
Karim Alami ( Morocco ) vs. 11 - MaliVai Washington ( U.S. )
4 - Peter Nicol ( Scotland ) beat Julian Wellings ( England ) 15-8
Ruling through terror, force, and persuasion, Sauron dominated peoples of Middle-earth in the south and east
Liam Botham demonstrated his father Ian 's golden touch on Wednesday shortly after making his county debut for Hampshire .
Chamorro , 66 , suffers from osteoporosis , a disease that weakens the bones , and has repeatedly flown to Washington for treatment by her longtime doctor , Sam Wilson .
There it was his delight often to stand on the battlements at dawn, and folk rejoiced to see the new light catch the wings of his helm." Tuor was one of the leaders of Gondolin in the Fall of Gondolin, and defended the city against the attack by the forces of Morgoth
Belgrade airport runway repairs Sept 21-26-agency .
Then news came: Melkor had killed Fëanors father Finwë, the High King of the Ñoldor, and stolen all the gems, including the Silmarils
CRICKET - ENGLAND BEAT PAKISTAN BY 107 RUNS IN SECOND ONE-DAYER .
David Wheaton ( U.S. ) beat Frederic Vitoux ( France ) 6-4 6-4
Fall of wickets : 1-106 2-239 3-334 4-334
MANAMA 1996-08-22
It is the background music of the flashback of Lord Girion battling Smaug, and the extended Lake-town scene
There is also a 2003 computer and console game called "The Hobbit", published by for the , , and
Some time after, Morgomir convinced the Witch-king to send an army to rescue Hwaldar
Upon his arrival in Middle-earth, Fëanor had the ships burned
"Tarannon" was a Quenya word that meant royal gate
However, the Rohirrim and Dunlendings still had to live side by side with one another and apparently intermingled and intermarried and had peace for a time
IFK Gothenburg of Sweden drew 1-1 ( 1-0 ) with Ferencvaros of Hungary in the second leg of their European Champions Cup preliminary round tie played on Wednesday .
The apparent leader of the Haradrim force, riding a Mûmak, is killed in the by Éomer instead of by Théoden
Students burn Hasina effigy , battle police .
JOHANNESBURG 1996-08-22
Glamorgan 22 points , Durham 4 .
Two pct India current account deficit viable - RBI .
11 - MaliVai Washington ( U.S. ) beat Karim Alami ( Morocco ) 6-4 2-6 7-6 ( 7-5 ) 6-1
They seemed to have the same life-span of mortal Men, but unlike other Men, they had the ability to change into bears and could speak in both the tongue of Men and of bears
" Certainly the company will be a much smaller company now , but it will be a more profitable business , " said analyst Elias Moosa of Roberston Stephens & Co .
4. Yekaterina Podkopayeva ( Russia ) 4:09.25
The next morning the Elves and Men march up to the Lonely Mountain where Bard offers Thorin the Arkenstone
They were accused of taking over Flight 150 which was flying from Khartoum , Sudan , to Amman , Jordan .
Peter Hedblom ( Sweden ) 70 75 75 , Retief Goosen ( South
between Roermond and Landgraaf on Saturday :
But she said she and the NLD would not stop their efforts to bring democracy to Burma even if it meant more arrests of party members or even herself .
AMSTERDAM 1996-08-25
All the Minyar and half of the Tatyar were persuaded, along with most of the Lindar, and followed Oromë into the west on the Great Journey
Seles , the 1991 and 1992 champion who dropped just one game in her opening match , was scheduled to play Laurence Courtois of Belgium Wednesay night .
It was used by the Silvan Elves to watch over the settlements of Tirharad and Hordern
Fingolfin gave Fingon a domain in Dor-lómin, in the west of Hithlum, where he did good service during the Siege of Angband, defeating an Orc army that attempted to go around to the north and attack Hithlum from the west, and then later the first to fight against the dragon Glaurung when he first came forth from Angband during the Dagor Aglareb
The Easterlings were a more advanced race (than the Orcs) who used deadly swords and pikes
Despite this, several unresolved story developments between the ending of "The Lord of the Rings" and the beginning of "The Return of the King" were left unexplained, especially the Ents march on Isengard (along with Merry eventually taking up with the Army of Rohan, and Gandalf and Pippins subsequent journey to Gondor), the betrayal of Frodo by Gollum, and the attack of Shelob on Frodo and Sam. It should be noted, however, that production for this Rankin/Bass follow-up had begun even before their version of "The Hobbit" had originally aired (let alone before Bakshis theatrical film had premiered), so Rankin/Bass cant be entirely blamed for this flaw in continuity
In a bizarre twist , Fleuchaus and the leader of the kidnappers , Julio Cesar Vega Rojas , developed a sentimental attachment during her captivity , according to photographs printed in Costa Rican newspapers and court documents including a love letter written by Vega .
When Melkor was defeated and imprisoned by the Lords of the West after the first Elves awoke in Cuiviénen, Ungoliant escaped the attacks of the Valar and the hunters of Oromë and fled to the southern part of Aman
1. Frankie Fredericks ( Namibia ) 19.97 seconds
Its Quenya counterpart is Hisilómë and its Sindarin counterpart is Hithlaw or Hithlû
Key Clinton aide resigns , NBC says .
Yasushi Akashi , the DHA undersecretary-general , told the Security Council last week that the " financial requirements to support the ( humanitarian ) programme represent a very modest percentile of the total ...
Muthiah Muralitharan , Ravindra Pushpakumara
He was known as the greatest warrior of all the Dúnedain and the sword Narsil and the great horn Windbeam were his heirlooms
Bilbo leaves the Shire permanently, willing Bag End and the One Ring to his nephew Frodo Baggins
The men who died in this encounter, would later be mourned and honored by the survivors of Helms Deep following their victory at the Hornburg and return to Edoras
The name "Hobbit" itself is believed to be derived from the Rohirric "Holbytlan" (hole builders)
Forty-eight years later, in TA 2989, Óin went to Moria with Balin and Ori, along with many other Dwarves, to recover the realm for the Dwarves of Durins Folk
Nine months passed after the skirmish in Osgiliath when Saurons ally Saruman sent forth a large army to destroy the people of Rohan
When he finally ascended to the throne after the death of his father, he immediately took the name "Rómendacil" (East-victor), as his distant forefather Tarostar had done
Italian Foreign Minister Lamberto Dini on Saturday met former Tanzanian president Julius Nyerere , the international negotiator for Burundi , the ministry said .
Lorgan was a cruel slavemaster holding many Men and possibly Elves in thralldom in the fourth century of the First Age
LONDON 1996-08-24
Interfax said Judge Olga Lavrentyeva , 28 , on Thursday ordered the confiscation of several overcoats , suits and shirts which vendor Valery Ivankov , 41 , was illegally trading on Moscow streets and fined him 38,000 roubles ( seven dollars ) .
However, the last son was dropped, and Finarfin replaced Finrod as Finwës youngest son
bowlers and the second Pakistani , after Imran Khan , to achieve
Watched by an array of former Olympic sprint champions at the Berlin grand prix meeting , Mitchell made a brilliant start in the 100 metres and held off Bailey 's strong finish to win in 10.08 seconds despite cool conditions .
Following this the Ents intercept on The Wold a force of Orcs sent to invade Rohan, sending them fleeing
It is unknown if the material had other magical properties, besides being burning to the touch for beings like Gollum who had been corrupted by evil
The Names had been scheduled to decide whether to accept or reject the offer by 1100 GMT Wednesday , but Lloyd 's chairman David Rowland said on Tuesday the offer would be extended .
Aeglos was similar to , but was larger, with white flowers
SOCCER - BARATELLI TO COACH NICE .
Angbor is a Sindarin word meaning "iron fist"
Olympiakos of Greece beat Yugoslavia 's Red Star 71-57 ( halftime 40-34 ) in the first match of an international club basketball tournament on Wednesday .
The heroes used the black ships to reach Minas Tirith and defeat Saurons forces
Castamir and his men faced Eldacar at the Crossings of the river Erui, on the road from Minas Tirith to Pelargir, and Eldacar personally killed Castamir there
The current NATO-led peace force ( IFOR ) in Bosnia is due to return home at the end of the year .
By their very nature, they relished not only the theft of beautiful things, but the act of dispossession itself; it was more satisfying for them to steal treasure from others rather than find unclaimed valuables
" I think that , on balance , it is looking a little bit on the strong side , " Lindsey said .
Talions throat wound then reopens without having Celebrimbor or a ring of power to keep him alive
LOS ANGELES 1996-08-22
It is additionally related how the Púkel-men of the Third Age were descended from the Drúedain, and the settling of that people in the region surrounding the White Mountains
Tania Rodger is a Weta Workshop manager who worked on Peter Jacksons "The Lord of the Rings" films
Amras explained to his father Fëanor that Amrod did not sleep on the ground in great discomfort but slept instead in one of the ships
The Calacirya was the only safe pass through the range
Sam opens the box Galadriel gave him and finds a small silver seed, which he plants in the Party Field
He was sent to the north to organize an army and conquer the Free Peoples on a different front
Nenya was originally given to Galadriel, Lady of Lothlórien and mother of Elronds wife Celebrían, and forever remained with her
There was also concern over injuries to Paul Gascoigne , Les Ferdinand and David Batty .
Iliescu 's Party of Social Democracy , the senior coalition partner , immediately dismissed the National Unity Party ( PUNR ) demand as crude electioneering .
More than 100 people were safely evacuated on Monday from a ferry that caught fire soon after leaving Guernsey in Britain 's Channel Islands , police said .
Meanwhile, Theo and Rowan are searching for something hidden in Waldregs barn; Theo uncovers it beneath the floorboards: a mysterious sword-hilt emitting faint words of Black Speech
Russia to clamp down on barter deals .
One éored was one hundredth of the éoherë, the full muster of Rohan
Moin Khan lbw b Mullally 0
The Havens of the Falas, or simply the Havens, were coastal cities of the Sindarin Elves in western Beleriand during the First Age
He also created fireworks shaped as trees or dragons, and it is possible that his skill with pyrotechnics was based on his possession of Narya, the Ring of Fire, or else that Narya augmented his native power as a Maia
Feared mightily by his Orc subjects, Durbûrz, while not the cleverest of Orcs, is as fiercely territorial as the rest and reacts to his realms invasion by raising a powerful army to oppose Balin and his Dwarves
Teams :
His father was Orchaldor, a descendant of the House of Hador
Isildur threw all his weapons and armor away except his "eket" when escaping from an Orc-ambush at the Disaster of the Gladden Fields
There seemed scant danger until the Surrey player swooped on to the ball and returned off balance to county team mate Alec Stewart who whipped off the bails .
The Quenya name for the title is "Arandur" , "Servant of the King"
South Africa - Tries : Hannes Strydom , Ruben Kruger , Joost van der Westhuizen .
Anthony Hill ( Australia ) beat Mir Zaman Gul ( Pakistan ) 15-12 15-11 15-13
But Suu Kyi disagreed with the methods , saying officials often arrested NLD supporters in the middle of the night , then did not give them the opportunity to defend themselves in trials .
In a deleted scene, a Guldur Olog-hai attacked several men including Percy who attempts to fight back with his bow, however the troll uses a club to hit all of its attackers including him
It shortly appears when the Haradrim and Mûmakil arrive to aid the Orc army
To their south lived the far more numerous Harfoots, and far south in the Gladden Fields lived the Stoors
Castamirs tyrannical rule turned the people of the inland provinces against him and Eldacar saw his chance
It was said that the name "Thranduil" was of Lemberin language (later Avarin or Telerian), along with other Sindarin names such as Legolas, Nimrodel, and Amroth among others
3. John Regis ( Britain ) 20.63
In the West, Minas Tirith, in the Pass of Sirion, held under Orodreth command, and Orodreths uncle and king Finrod Felagund came north from Nargothrond with a large army
PRAGUE 1996-08-22
"Kelvar" was a Quenya word that meant quick ones
DUBAI 1996-08-22
It also ended a run of nine successive victories this year for New Zealand but arrived too late to prevent a 2-1 series defeat and an historic first All Black series triumph on South African soil .
Michael Schumacher 's victory in the Belgian Formula One Grand Prix at Spa-Francorchamps sparked a speeding epidemic on Belgian roads after the race was over .
They were deep Hobbit-holes and during the Scouring of the Shire, the Took family took refuge in them and were safe from the ruffians of Sharkey
Arda Marred was the name given to the world as it is: the world after the wars of the Valar and Melkor, and the dispersing of Melkors Fëa and hröa throughout the world
Henderch was a Man of Númenor, known for being a sailor on the ships of Aldarion and a servant to his King
Wall Street ponders Rubin 's role if Clinton wins .
The strike will have little effect on the Israeli economy while hurting Palestinian merchants in East Jerusalem and Bethlehem who cater to the tourist trade .
It was a role with which Tolkien (who served as an Army officer in the First World War) would have been extremely familiar
" The Russian side confirmed that the ceasefire is in place and they will keep to it , " Erdmann told Reuters after speaking by telephone to Ischinger , who had met the officials on a two-day visit to Moscow .
Johnson , who played eight seasons in Baltimore , was named Orioles manager in the off-season replacing Phil Regan .
But Deportivo were unable to capitalise on their numerical advantage , and were themselves reduced to ten men when Armando Alvarez was sent off 15 minutes from time .
With the help of the southern forces the armies of Gondor and Rohan rallied together and defeated Saurons army
He may also have restored to Thranduil the necklace of white gems that Thror allegedly stole from the Elven-king years ago
One soldier was discharged because of " mental incapacity and inebetude ( sic ) of the brain , alleged by the Patient to be connected with a fall on the head but believed to arise from long continued and excessive masturbation . "
The Haradrim (Southrons) were also skilled archers, along with their allies the Easterlings
But Legolas dodges and Legolas unsheathes his short swords and attacks Bolg
Sarah Brady -- The nation 's toughest gun control law is named after Ronald Reagan 's press secretary James Brady but it was his wife who was the major force behind its passage .
Médhor was a Silvan Elf stationed to watch over the settlements of Men in the Southlands in the Second Age
The Ruffians or Sharkeys Men were a band of about 150 Dunlendings, Half-orcs, and Hobbits who invaded the Shire from the South under the hire of Sharkey
Androth was Sindarin for long cave
The others that refused to take part in the Great Journey and leave Middle-earth were named "Avari"
9. Yoshikawa 107
New York snapped a season-high five-game losing streak and also got homers from Mariano Duncan , Darryl Strawberry and Jim Leyritz .
7. Claus Hirsbro ( Denmark ) 20.90
Mir Zaman Gul ( Pakistan ) beat Stephen Meads ( England ) 10-15
Núrn is heavily featured in the game ", where it is portrayed as a lush but ailing land
For example, the followers of the sons of Fëanor adopted North Sindarin as their own language
3. Anna Knoroz ( Russia ) 57.02
At the point when Gordon began "English" was a departmental subject; when he exited it had turn into a school of studies
Paul Lawrie 72 75 72 , Miguel Angel Jimenez ( Spain ) 74 72
In the third film, Attack Trolls appear immediately once Grond has broken the gates of Minas Tirith, entering and attacking the ranks of defenders alongside hundreds of orcs
Over many the many hundreds of years, other hobbit peoples settled there but the Tooks still remained in the majority
At some point shortly thereafter, Ioreth was attacked by the nobleman Asgon, who was killed by Talion in the act of defending his wife
Only France and Britain backed Fischler 's proposal .
Hashimoto , who has already visited Mexico and Chile , spent three days in Brazil .
Ringil was the sword of Fingolfin, the High King of the Ñoldor
Frodo, Sam, and Gollum witness an army leaving Minas Morgul
7. Frank Vandenbroucke ( Belgium ) all same time
Two of the Northern palantíri were lost in the shipwreck, but the Ring of Barahir was spared as Arvedui had loaned it to the Lossoth in gratitude for their aid
" Randall was one of the most exciting quarterbacks in NFL history , " said Eagles owner Jeffrey Lurie . "
Large mixed groups of Hobbits migrated there during that year and later, in TA 1630, the remainder of the Stoors of Dunland moved there as well
The Ñoldor led by Fëanor marched north and demanded that the Falmari let them use their ships
When Ruffians occupied the Shire, Paladin II Took rallied his family to keep the Men out
Conversion : Stranksy .
Suddenly, Morgomir and Rogash arrived with a great army of trolls, men, and some dangerous sorcerers
Police , who at first thought her son had been kidnapped , found him on Sunday with a friend in his mother 's car in Oklahoma and arrested him .
Aid agency says Sudan missionaries released .
HINA said it was the first time an orthodox church had been blown up in the Zadar hinterland , where a large number of Serbs lived before the 1991 war over Croatia 's independence from the Yugoslav federation .
Gundabald was the son of Gundahad Bolger and his unnamed wife
SOCCER - BELGIUM BEAT TURKEY 2-1 IN WORLD CUP QUALIFIER .
DUBLIN 1996-08-31
Gandalf scolds Pippin (high up in the Chamber of Mazarbul), and Idrial picks up a key presumably leading to the Throne Room
You are the opposite , " Juppe told a successful French team at Paris airport as he welcomed them back from the games which followed the July-August Olympics .
Lindon means "Land of the Singers" from the Quenya term "lin" or "lind" ("to sing, make musical sound") and "-on", which is a common suffix for regions
Bard maintained good relations with the Dwarves of the Lonely Mountain and trade flowed freely up and down the River Running
6. Laurent Gane ( France )
The fortress is home to Bolg and his father Azog the Defiler, as well as an army of Gundabad Orcs. As eventually revealed in "", Gundabad is a stronghold with connections to the Angmar kingdom that was destroyed long ago
for Sunday 's San Marino 500cc motorcycling Grand Prix :
MILWAUKEE AT CLEVELAND
ATHLETICS - MITCHELL DEFEATS BAILEY IN FRONT OF FORMER CHAMPIONS .
Thus, during the War of Palisor between the Elves and the army of Melko, formed by Goblins and Nauglath, only the folk of Ermon remained faithful to the Elves; Elmirs fate is untold
Davenport had drawn one of the toughest first-round assignments of any of the seeded players in 17th-ranked Karina Habsudova of Slovakia .
The seal could be placed on anything bearing a message for others
Since much of Bilbos silverware vanished during his adventure with the Dwarves, when Bilbo left the Shire permanently, he gave Lobelia a box of silver spoons labeled "For Lobelia, from Cousin Bilbo", as a mathom
By the time of the Great Journey of Elves, the maps show the East Sea as a vast curved ocean spanning thousands of miles between Middle-earths uttermost east and its Hither Lands to the uttermost south, and the mysterious Dark Land, and also extending into a more narrow area between the Dark Land and the Land of the Sun
The Master-stone was the highest of all the palantíri
He recounted the history of the Lonely Mountain and the Kingdom of Dale since Bilbo had left, including Balins decision to leave the Lonely Mountain and re-establish the ancient Dwarven kingdom in Moria. At the Council of Elrond, his son Gimli warned of the messengers from Mordor who had been threatening King Dáin II Ironfoot, seeking news of Bilbo, Frodo, and the One Ring
The final design of Grond was based on his drawings
CSKA Moscow 25 13 6 6 40 27 45
They also have skills and abilities beyond what is possible for Men, and many can craft seemingly magical objects
The surname "Rashbold" of two characters in "The Notion Club Papers" is a pun on this
Albright , who arrived from Uruguay , will rest most of the weekend in Chile , officials said .
However, they kept some features of their original tongue, perhaps relative of Northmens languages, and for this reason the variant of Westron spoken by Hobbits was called Hobbitish
10. Gregory Randolph ( USA ) Motorola 1 minute 3 seconds
7. Natalya Shikolen ( Belarus ) 60.74
With the departure of Galadriel to the Undying Lands, Lórien quickly became deserted
Snowblind Studios was the video game developer based in Washington that developed and released " "in 2011 - the company since then became a part of Monolith Productions, the makers of the later RPG ""
Salo (born February, 1969) is an American linguist and student of J.R.R. Tolkiens constructed languages
They contained $ 650,000 in jewelry and $ 40,000 in cash , Andrews said .
The population of Númenor chiefly consisted of Men of the surviving houses of the Edain, and they were known as the "Númenóreans", or also the "Kings of Men"
Arkenstone composed the music around his inspirations from the works of Tolkien
The Airbus 310 Flight 150 , which was hijacked on Monday evening on its way from Khartoum to the Jordanian capital Amman , landed at 4.30 a.m. ( 0330 GMT ) after a flight of more than four hours .
His character was created for and as such is non-canonical
One ran along the border between Dor Dínen and Nan Dungortheb, and the other ran west for about 20 miles from the mountains into Nan Dungortheb and further south-east until merging with the first
Germany has been one of the loudest critics of Russia 's military intervention in Chechnya , a 20-month-old conflict in which tens of thousands of people have been killed .
Like its later namesake, "Minas Tirith" was Sindarin for Tower of Guard
By the time of the War of the Ring, the Men of Gondor strove constantly against Mordor, holding the line of the Anduin river against the Shadow
It was at this trial that Hardang, sitting on the Angbor ("Doom-rock") alongside men of his household, tried Húrin for his recent wrongdoings, believing them unjust
U.S. judge orders Biogen , Berlex officials deposed .
A Great Orc Brute, with full armor, armed with a great scimitar and with a amazing force, Mozgog was known to have killed many jealous Orcs to reach his standing in the armies of Mordor
The Haedir were, however, capable of transmitting strong emotions and projecting the users will in order to dominate lesser beings
Bowling ( to date ) : Wasim Akram 7-0-35-0 , Waqar Younis
Túrin woke, thinking Orcs again upon him, and in the dark slew Beleg with Anglachel before realizing who it was
3 - Arantxa Sanchez Vicario ( Spain ) beat Laxmi Poruri ( U.S. ) 6-2 6-1
Ceasefire monitors to meet in south Lebanon .
Matahari 's finance director , Hanifah Komala , said they revised down net profit for 1996 to 46 billion from its original target of 50 billion rupiah .
One of their residents raised there was Eärendil who built Vingilot allowing him to escape the carnage
NEW YORK 1996-08-29
It has manufacturing plants in San Diego ; Creedmoor , N.C. ; Hampshire , England ; and Tijuana , Mexico , and distributes its prodcuts in more than 120 countries .
The two buses collided head on at 5 o'clock this morning on the road between the towns of Rousse and Veliko Tarnovo , police said .
At Cardiff : Kent 255-3 ( D. Fulton 64 , M. Walker 59 , C. Hooper
Arafat had been scheduled to meet former Israeli prime minister Shimon Peres in the West Bank town of Ramallah on Thursday but the venue was changed to Gaza after Israel denied flight clearance to the Palestinian leader 's helicopters .
Like any other foul breed of orc, the Orcs brought along terrible creatures of war with them
Though Talion and the men under his command fought valiantly, they were overrun
The Shire is now run by Sharkey based at Bag End, who with Lothos help had taken over with his band of Ruffian Men
After King Elessar charges Steward Faramir with cleansing the evil of Minas Morgul, Ingold and his men traverse the plateau of Gorgoroth and enter the Morgul Vale from the east
Adar first became known to the good peoples of Middle-earth well into the Second Age, first appearing in a Orc trench-camp run by Magrot, immediately after Arondirs failed attempt to cause a fray and escape
Turquoise stones and jewels were encrusted into his armour
Clinton said Iraqi military forces overran the city of Arbil , which has been held since 1994 by Kurdish rebels who Baghdad says are backed by Iran .
The remnant of his forces fled back to Utumno and fortified themselves there
TENNIS - GRAF WORKS HARD FOR FIRST-ROUND WIN .
The barrels float to Lake-town, a town of Men that is also called Esgaroth, located on Long Lake
HELSINKI 1996-08-29
Aided by Easterlings and Haradrim, and led by the Witch-king, Saurons forces overwhelmed the defenses, forcing the Men of Gondor to break the last bridge over the Anduin as they retreated
DAKAR 1996-08-22
With the help of the Silmaril, Eärendil and Elwing sailed to Valinor to plead with the Valar, asking them to pardon the Noldor and assist Elves and Men in their need
OB 40 5 59 .407 20 1/2
Menegroth was ransacked, many of its people killed, and the Dwarves began the long trek for home laden with the spoils of war, including the Nauglamír
Salim Malik not out 6
The tradition of Quenya names was eventually restored by King Elessar
He is the strongest in The Company of Dwarves, and spends much of his time watching out for Ori, making sure he hasn’t caught a chill or gotten himself killed by Wargs or Goblins
These were described as being taller and wider than Men and their hide or armour was described as a mesh of horny scales
The Elves of Lothlórien gave a length of Hithlain rope to Samwise Gamgee for his use in the Quest of the Ring
Herman Gumy ( Argentina ) beat Martin Damm ( Czech Republic ) 7-5 6
Malta , with a population of 365,000 , has 195,000 registered vehicles , with 80,000 new cars having been introduced on the congested roads in 10 years .
It is unknown whether Elladan and Elrohir chose to remain in Middle-earth as mortal men or depart with the last of their kindred to Valinor
Indian opener Navjot Singh Sidhu was on Sunday given a 50-day ban from international cricket for quitting this year 's tour of England , the Press Trust of India said .
-- Jeffrey Hodgson ( 416 ) 941-8105 , e-mail : jeffrey.hodgson@reuters.com
Bilbo (Bilbo) Bilbo Baggins Hes only three feet tall Bilbo (Bilbo) Bilbo Baggins The bravest little hobbit of them all Well, he fought with the goblinsHe battled a troll!! He riddled with Gollum!!! A magic ring he stole!!!He was chased by wolves,Lost in the forest, Escaped in a barrel from the elf-kings halls!!!!!!! Bilbo (Bilbo) Bilbo Baggins The bravest little hobbit of them all Now hes back in his home in the land of the Shire, that brave little hobbit whom we all admire, just sittin on a treasure of silver and gold puffin on his pipe in his hobbit-hole
Narya was described as having the power to inspire others to resist tyranny, domination and despair, as well as having the power (in common with the other Three Rings) to hide the wielder from remote observation (except by the wielder of the One) and giving resistance to the weariness of time
Borussia Dortmund 3 ( Riedle 8th minute , Heinrich 29th ,
286 Miguel Angel Jimenez ( Spain ) 74 72 73 67
Togo win 1-0 on aggregate .
Barahirs Outlaws were a band of Men led by Barahir that roamed Dorthonion after the Dagor Bragollach in FA 455, defying the will of Morgoth and Sauron
California growers have charged that removing the restrictions , even on a limited basis , would endanger the $ 1 billion U.S. industry if potentially harmful Mexican insects were brought into the country along with the avocados .
Firyals defense of 2 is good enough to use her as a defender, however, her health of 3 does not last very long, and not many enemies have an attack value of 2 or less
1986 - Bishop Desmond Tutu was enthroned as Archbishop of Cape Town , South Africa .
Later, in the Second Age, he lived in the Ñoldorin kingdom of Gil-galad in Lindon
For everyday language function, they usually resorted to "New" Entish
The best developed of these are Quenya and Sindarin, the etymological connection between which are at the core of much of Tolkiens legendarium
Danish driver Karsten Richardt had ploughed into the crowd during the two-kilometre first stage held in the host city of Jyvaskyla .
Sourcebooks cover the events in the three books and films in the "Lord of the Rings" trilogy
Essex 13 7 2 4 45 43 212
The U.S. and Colombian governments reached an agreement that will allow AMR Corp 's American Airlines to operate three round-trip flights between New York and Bogota , the Department of Transportation said Friday .
Then an army of Orcs arriving from the Grey Mountains interrupted the dispute, the Battle of Five Armies ensued, and Thorin was killed
The city of Grozny , pounded by Russian planes and artillery for hours on Wednesday , calmed down overnight , although sporadic explosions and shooting could still be heard .
Whitehurst , promoted from Triple-A Columbus on Wednesday , allowed seven hits and struck out one without a walk .
"Olog-hai" was a Black Speech word that meant simply troll-folk
Clinton made a triumphant Irish tour to back a Northern Ireland peace process but was forced to drop Ballybunion from a packed schedule at the last minute .
"Tilion" (IPA: ) means "The Horned" in Quenya
The name Araphant comes from Sindarin and literally translates into "Full King", from "ar(a)" (" king, noble, royal") and "panta" ("full")
Milan 's new Uruguayan coach Oscar Tabarez avoided the nightmare of defeat but faces a replay at home next Sunday .
Dáin marched with five hundred Dwarven soldiers, exceptionally strong even by Dwarven standards, clad in heavy chainmail and iron boots, and armed with mattocks, shields, and swords
Much of Mims framework of the original more evil or darker Mim in Nargothrond is restored in Beren and Lúthien (2017) including the full nature of his curse, its influence on Hurin, his allies, the corruption of more sinister/greedy dwarves, traitorous elves, treacherous Dwarves from within and without Doriath leading to its downfall, the location of Thingols death outside of the Thousand Caves, and Dwarves defeat at Sarn Athrad where bulk of the cursed treasure is lost, and the later downfall of Dior in another Kinslaying
The Dwarves were waiting for him
the third and final test between England and Pakistan at The
She had a close friendship with Aegnors brother Finrod Felagund, who often visited her during the Siege of Angband to converse and debate with her on the matters of Elves and Men
The opinion of the military in Thailand , which has seen 17 coups or attempted coups since the country switched to parliamentary democracy from absolute monarchy in 1932 , always carries weight in the political scene , despite officials ' vows to distance the military from politics .
After being rescued by Tom Bombadil from the clutches of a Barrow-wight while crossing the Barrow-downs, Merry briefly recalled being attacked by the Men of Carn Dûm, presumably briefly sharing the memory of the Barrow-wight
Dimrost is a Sindarin word meaning rainy stair
With Sauron defeated and the One Ring lost, the Elves were free to use the three rings to create their enchanted kingdoms
Coetzer , ranked 17th , avenged her defeat to Huber in the Australian Open semifinals by winning 6-1 2-6 6-2 .
Squad : Alan Kelly , Shay Given , Denis Irwin , Phil Babb , Jeff Kenna , Curtis Fleming , Gary Breen , Ian Harte , Kenny Cunningham , Steve Staunton , Andy Townsend , Ray Houghton , Gareth Farrelly , Alan McLoughlin , Jason McAteer , Alan Moore , Keith O'Neill , Tony Cascarino , Niall Quinn , David Kelly .
TRIPOLI , Lebanon 1996-08-24
The realm prospered and Northmen living to the south came up the River Running and built Dale
P.V. Krishnamoorthy
His sharp beak and talons make him very deadly towards those who anger Wilyador or hurt his friends
In Chicago , Erik Hanson outdueled Alex Fernandez , and Jacob Brumfield drove in Otis Nixon with the game 's only run in the sixth inning as the Toronto Blue Jays blanked the White Sox 1-0 in a game shortened to six innings due to rain .
Minardil is a Quenya word that means Tower-lover
ISLAMABAD 1996-08-25
Bury 4 3 1 0 8 2 10
For every Orc and Warg that the men of Rohan killed, one of their own fell in turn
Tenure. Tolkiens first civilian job after World War I was at the , as an editors assistant
Derek Ryan ( Ireland ) beat 5 - Simon Parke ( England ) 15-11 15-11
Oklahoma 's Agricultural Statistics Service showed similar conditions , rating topsoil moisture levels as seven percent surplus , 81 percent adequate and 12 percent short to very short .
The authorities are apparently extremely afraid of any political and social discontent , " said Xiao , in Manila to attend an Amnesty International conference on human rights in China .
He also made peace with the Haradrim after his coronation
But for the great majority of us , Hong Kong is our home and Hong Kong 's future is our future . "
CHICAGO 1996-08-27
Morocco 's Salah Hissou broke the men 's 10,000 metres world record on Friday when he clocked 26 minutes 38.08 seconds at the Brussels grand prix on Friday .
5. David Kiptoo ( Kenya ) 1:45.27
" ( Yeltsin ) controls internal and international policies , daily receives a big packet of documents from Moscow , which demand his intervention ...
1. Mary Onyali ( Nigeria ) 22.42 seconds
During the night, they were visited by Bilbo, who Bard recognized from Lake-town, who gave them the Arkenstone, believing that they could use it to their own advantage
The Battle of Dale was a battle fought between the Kingdom of Dale allied with the Dwarves of Erebor and the Iron Hills, against the Easterlings of Rhûn in the valley of Dale during the War of the Ring in the late Third Age, and was the decisive battle in the Northern Theater of the War of the Ring
" He had climbed up in this boxcar to get out of the weather and to get some sleep , " Jewell said . "
Of this possibility, Tolkien wrote that it would be strange indeed, that any Dwarf should be willing to leave Middle-earth for any love, or that the Eldar should receive him, or that the Lords of the West should permit it, but that it is said that Gimli went not only because of his great friendship with Legolas but also out of desire to see again the beauty of Galadriel; and that she, being mighty among the Eldar, may have obtained this grace for him
Jordan has asked an Iraqi diplomat to leave the kingdom for carrying out duties incompatible with diplomatic norms , an official source said on Friday .
After the Two Lamps of the Valar were destroyed by Melkor in the distant past of the World, the Valar themselves withdrew from Middle-earth into a land on the far western edges of Arda
The Seat of Seeing was established at the northern frontier of the kingdom of Gondor by the Kings of Gondor
LONDON 1996-08-31
- Prime Minister Abdul-Karim al-Kabariti says government commited to lifting ceiling of democracy .
The Nethermost Hall was possibly delved and raised when Angband was built or when Morgoth returned there from Aman after stealing the Silmarils
3. Derrick Adkins ( U.S. ) 48.62
HOUSTON AT PITTSBURGH
London shipsales .
CONFIRMED CONFIRMED
Afterwards, the forest became dark and tainted, infested with Orcs, great spiders, and other mysterious and savage beings
Interfax said Yastrezhembsky did not exclude that Yeltsin could spend some time in other places .
Inflamed by the passionate urging of Fëanor, most of the assembled Ñoldor left Tirion, and traveled to Alqualondë, attempting to persuade the Teleri to join them, or at least to lend them ships to cross the Great Sea
Nerweyi said he did not know the size or nature of the Iranian force in northern Iraq , but said KDP fighters had been easily outgunned in the area close to the Iranian border and had quickly withdrawn further west .
Dimholt is a Rohirric word translating approximately to "secret wood"
The place was a great treasure to both Men and Elves who took great delight in the many sweet smells that filled the air there
Eventually Mîm made his way to ruined Nargothrond after Túrin had killed Glaurung, and took the treasure for his own
Heath did score with two brusing lefts to Miller 's head in the third round but failed to put his opponent under any real pressure .
Though having joined the Shirriffs earlier than Sharkeys occupation, when questioned by Samwise Gamgee on his role Robin replies that he only applied for the post of Shirriff as a means of wandering the Shire, talking with folks and "knowing where the good beer was." Like many Shirriffs during Sharkeys Scouring of the Shire, Robin Smallburrow is forced to continue service against his will as a part of the Shirriffs First Eastfarthing Troop in the town of Frogmorton
The Elves called mankind "Atani", meaning in Quenya "Second People", but also Hildor ("the Aftercomers"), Apanónar ("the Afterborn") and Fírimar ("the Mortals") or Engwar ("the sickly")
"The Lord of the Rings" is unusual among Tolkiens works in that a large part of it is not written in Chronological Order
SOCCER - AUSTRIA DOMINATE SCOTLAND IN WORLD CUP QUALIFIER .
3. Bobby Rahal ( U.S. ) , Reynard Mercedes-Benz , 54.507
Montana weekly muni bond indices - Piper Jaffray .
Laurence McQuillan
Maedhros and Maglor, the two surviving sons of Fëanor, were compelled by their oath to recover the gems
Traders said the award could be India 's lowest in recent years .
Wigan 3 2 1 0 5 2 7
MELBOURNE 1996-08-25
The Shards of Narsil were one of the heirlooms of the Kings of Arnor, and after the Northern Kingdom was destroyed, they remained an heirloom of the Chieftains of the Dúnedain, although it was not reforged until the War of the Ring
Results of first round matches on Monday in the U.S. Open tennis championships at the National Tennis Centre ( prefix denotes seeding ) :
We will dislodge the Bhutto government .
2. Samuel Matete ( Zambia ) 48.34
Shortly afterwards, the company is attacked by a battalion of Warg-riders led by Yazneg
"Firith "- Sindarin word for Fading, also the fourth season of the Elvish year
Singapore dealers said they were concerned that there had been a marked revival in offers to sell gold by South Korean traders , following the distress sales of recent months after the Seoul government 's crackdown on bullion arbitrage trade .
After seeing the trainer come out early in the third set , Edberg was not surprised by Karbacher 's decision not to go on .
G. Thorpe lbw b Ata-ur-Rehman 21
The Wainriders advanced into Northern Ithilien with no opposition, setting up camps
After arresting Bard and placing him in the cell, Braga and his men were drinking and celebrating at the time when Bard awoke and noticed Smaug flying over to Lake-town
C. Lewis b Wasim Akram 5
Rangarajan said a current account deficit of two percent brought about by a 16-17 percent annual growth in exports and a 14-15 percent rise in imports along with an increase in non-debt flows could lead to a reduction in the debt-service ratio to below 20 percent over the next five years .
The chapter tells of how Morgoth gave Dor-lómin to the Easterlings, and how Túrin’s mother Morwen sent him to Menegroth in Doriath
An Amtrak train struck a logging truck early on Tuesday and derailed , Vermont state police said .
" It was an explosion , and then it got involved in fire .
Turkey - 1 - Rustu Recber , 4 - Hakan Unsal ( 14 - Sergen Yalcin , 57th ) , 2 - Recep Cetin , 3 - Ogun Temizkanoglu , 5 - Alpay Ozalan , 7- Abdullah Ercan , 6 - Tolunay Kafkas , 10 - Oguz Cetin ( 13 - Arif Erdem , 57th ) , 11 - Tayfun Korkut , 9 - Hakan Sukur , 8 - Saffet Sancakli ( 17- Orhan Cikirikci , 76th ) .
2 - Monica Seles ( U.S. ) beat Anne Miller ( U.S. ) 6-0 6-1
Kubo said he would make a decision on the need for a supplementary budget after an announcement in mid-September of Japan 's gross domestic product for the April-June quarter .
In Sindarin, Methedras means "Last peak"
LATTAKIA , Aug 10 - waiting time at Lattakia and Tartous presently 24 hours .
" We do not expect any burden on our 1996 results from currency markets , " Demel told Reuters in an interview .
RANGOON 1996-08-31
It was during this time, about three hundred years after the Ñoldor had arrived in Beleriand, that Men first came into Middle-earth from the regions far to the east
Their weapons were set with bright jewels, and their shields were blue, bearing in the middle seven precious minerals of color
Carroll Campbell , who was on Dole 's vice presidential short list before Dole decided on Jack Kemp , will head Dole 's team .
Two Thai border police wounded by Burma gunmen .
Following the establishment of the Last Alliance of Elves and Men the hosts of Gil-galad and Elendil marched to Imladris and made camp there to prepare their arms and then proceeded over the High Pass southeast to Dagorlad
The first sources of light for all of Arda were two enormous Lamps: Illuin, the silver one to the north, and Ormal, the golden one to the south
The name "Ostirith" appears to come from the Sindarin words "ost", meaning "fortress", and "tirith", meaning "guard"
Leaving Minas Anor in disguise he joined a party of Northmen retreating towards the Dead Marshes near the Morannon
1. Tortelli 40 points
The Cracks of Doom, also referred to as Sammath Naur, was the name given to the volcanic fissure in Mount Doom where the One Ring was forged by Sauron, and the only place at which it could be destroyed
" Edgar is a tremendous player right now , " said Florida manager John Boles . "
Talbott , the second-ranking State Department official , was to meet Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Georgy Mamedov as part of a regular pattern of consultations , the department said .
matches on Saturday :
Faure beat Dubnicoff 2-0 ( 12.112 / 12.246 )
His aides said Arafat would hold the weekly meeting of the Palestinian self-rule Authority 's cabinet in Nablus on Saturday .
Aamir Sohail 2 3 1 77 46 38.50
His name in Quenya was Artaresto, which appears to have come from the word "arta" ("fortress, high") and "resto", which have originated from the word "retta" ("climber")
Audi would have been able to report a profit 300 million marks higher in 1995 if exchange rates had stayed the same as in 1994 , Demel had told a shareholder meeting last April .
The skill of the Dwarves was unmatched; they crafted objects of great beauty out of diamond, emerald, ruby and sapphire
Boraine said the picture was incomplete because officers of the apartheid-era security forces had yet to make their scheduled , separate submission , but one black caller to a radio talk show declared :
KUALA LUMPUR 1996-08-22
Galdor was his messenger to Rivendell and attended the Council of Elrond, speaking with authority on his lord’s behalf
Iranian security forces have broken up five espionage rings in northwestern Iran and arrested 41 people on charges of spying for unnamed countries , a daily newspaper said on Thursday .
Marseille 1 ( Gravelaine 24th ) Metz 2 ( Traore 65th , Bombarda
NEW YORK 1996-08-31
1909 - Elia Kazan born as Elia Kazanjoglus .
Durin soon bears news that they have been rescued, though Durin III has shut down all mithril mining, greatly angering the prince
4. Lacher 219
The Stoors originally dwelt in the southern vales of the River Anduin
U.S. Spring / White Wheat - Bids mostly steady .
1. Sorensen 10.57:33
The 26-year-old , who joined Newcastle for 15 million pounds sterling ( $ 23.4 million ) , takes over from Tony Adams , who led the side during the European championship in June , and former captain David Platt .
Green and black face paint completed his disguise .
Furthermore, some beings could exist in both, such as the Ainur and the Calaquendi, the Elves who dwelt in Valinor
7. Simon Crafar ( New Zealand ) Kawasaki 132
In SA 2350 to escape persecution, the Faithful founded the haven of Pelargir on the shores of Middle-earth as opposed to Umbar which became a haven of the Kings Men
Xiao said conditions in the labour camp were so brutal they drove another activist sentenced with Wang to attempt suicide .
RTRS - Newcrest Q4 net profit A$ 4.3 mln .
Oarni - Ogres - Olog-hai - Orcs P
It was approximately one-hundred fifty miles in length
He portrayed a Ranger of Gondor named Golasgil in an uncredited role in Peter Jacksons "", where he is seen handing out weapons to the other soldiers before the orcs assault on Osgiliath
PITTSBURGH AT COLORADO
It is said that no greater oath has been said by men since Elendil swore an oath of allegiance and everlasting friendship to Gil-galad upon Amon Sûl
The Secret Fire was also described as being part of all Fëa, the soul of a living being or the spirit: it was that Gift which makes sentient beings capable of independent thought and will
Dwimorberg was a Rohirric word that meant haunted-mountain
Prime Minister Alain Juppe said on Sunday the draft 1997 budget and plans for funding the social security system would be pubished around September 10 .
After the founding of Númenor, the Númenóreans were forbidden by the Valar from sailing so far westward that Númenor was no longer visible, for fear that they would come upon the Undying Lands, to which Men could not come
For this reason Tolkien speculated that "Galdor" was simply a common Sindarin name
The 83rd minute shot , curling over the defence and dipping in under the bar from the striker dubbed Batigol by adoring Fiorentina fans , was just reward for Fiorentina who looked a far more impressive team .
Hannover 6,030 up 15.3
Canadian bonds open softer , spreads to U.S. shrink .
Nimphelos was said to have been the size of a doves egg
Makeshift mobile roadblocks were made out of carts and wagons, and after the Ruffians reached the center of the town the road was blocked in front and behind them
Second test : Headingley - Drawn
Interest 2.78 vs 2.69
However neo-languages can present varying arbitrarity
Once there, however, they are attacked by the Barrow-wights, the undead spirits that haunt the tombs of the Downs
In fact, the Maia Ossë sent a flock of swans to draw the ships of the Teleri to Aman
Johnson ran the same time at the U.S. Olympic trials in Atlanta in June to become the second equal fastest hurdler of all time with American Roger Kingdom .
He takes over the village as a home for the Orcs because the newly formed ash clouds shield the country against the sunlight
+7 Satoshi Higashi ( Japan ) through 16
When the Dwarves refused to share any of the treasure with King Thranduil and Bard, the man who had killed Smaug, Bilbo crept out of the Dwarves fort inside the Mountain, and gave them the Arkenstone
In Telerin the name "Valar" was Balai, and in Sindarin the form it took was eventually Bala
LONDON 1996-08-23
Haldir and an army of Lothlórien Elves arrive to aid the King, sent by Galadriel and Elrond
As the Rohirrim are being mustered in Peter Jacksons ", Théoden asks Grimbold where the Men of Snowbourn are located, and is told that none have come
Cirith Gorgor is Sindarin for Haunted Pass
Sauron would doubtless have used his Easterling allies to attack these realms were it not for the fact that the way west was blocked by the Dwarves of the Lonely Mountain and the Iron Hills and the Men of Dale
The movements of Celeborn and Galadriel after the fall of Eregion are unclear
Jimmy Thomson became Scotland 's first managerial casualty of the season on Tuesday when he quit Raith Rovers , bottom of the premier division .
Also, Bilbo, Gandalf and the Dwarves are said to have put "a great many spells" over the buried pots of gold from the cache of the trolls, though this may have been merely superstitious
Gooch , who retired from test cricket after the 1994-95 tour of Australia but is now an England selector , is seventh in this season 's first-class averages with 1,429 runs at 64.95 , having hit five centuries and one double century .
Cormarë, or Ringday, was a festival of the Reunited Kingdom in honor of Frodo Baggins after the conclusion of the War of the Ring and destruction of Sauron and the One Ring
BOSTON 1996-08-23
Butterbur appears in Peter Jacksons 2001 film "", but most of his scenes, such, the references to Gandalfs letter, were cut
Slovak women visited Dutroux , police say .
Falathrim - Fallohides - Falmari - Fairies - Firebeards G
Letter 48 is the forty-eighth letter written by J.R.R. Tolkien and published in "The Letters of J.R.R. Tolkien"
Nigeria would not refuse Commonwealth officials .
Mountain-trolls were a large type of Troll that were closely related to Cave-trolls and Hill-trolls
Bangladesh June M2 up 3.8 pct m / m , up 8.2 pct y / y .
In the War of the Ring, the Westfold was attacked by Sarumans Orcs of Isengard and men of Dunland, and several villages were burned down
CRICKET - PAKISTAN 339-4 V ENGLAND - close .
Other issues affecting ties include plans by an Australian cabinet minister to visit Taiwan , a security pact between Canberra and Washington and a possible visit to Australia next month by Tibet 's exiled spiritual leader the Dalai Lama .
Arador means royal lord in Sindarin
14. Martin Brundle ( Britain ) 3
Ijaz Ahmed 3 6 1 344 141 68.80
Cholera kills 21 in southern Nigeria .
Davis 71 73
Farther out in the valley and within Dale itself, the remaining men of Lake-town and the Elvish forces too found fresh resolve and charged back into battle also
Terence , a Tutsi , said any arms embargo would leave the army unable to defend itself against Hutu guerrillas and leave the population exposed to " armed terroritsts . "
Along with Sangahyando, he became an important figure amongst the Haradrim and the Corsairs of Umbar
Israel gave Palestinian President Yasser Arafat permission on Thursday to fly over its territory to the West Bank , ending a brief Israeli-PLO crisis , an Arafat adviser said .
Razanur Tûk was the Westron of "Pippin", from "raza" ("stranger") and "razan" ("foreign")
Hashimoto -- who returns from a 10-day Latin American tour on Saturday -- must call polls by mid-1997 , and has repeatedly said he would not call an early general election .
Slovak police , Interpol , and Belgian police have been following leads on Dutroux 's activities in Slovakia and the neighbouring Czech Republic where he is known to have made frequent visits .
The Socialist CFDT union warned of " tension and conflict " when France returns to work after the summer break and called for a drive to create up to 500,000 jobs in nine months .
Costa Rica and Chile
Pelendur rejected Fíriels claim saying in Númenor, it was peaceful enough to have women as rulers
He later became the leader of tribe of outcast Men living in Mordor
Warad was born in the region of Umbar, to Haradrim parents, and had an elder brother by the name of Jagai
Ilberic was born in TA 2991 (SR 1391) to Seredic Brandybuck and Hilda Bracegirdle
7. Mika Salo ( Finland ) Tyrrell 1:00.754
MAPUTO 1996-08-26
The government of Chad has closed N'Djamena University after two days of protests over grant arrears in which Education Minister Nagoum Yamassoum was held hostage for four hours , state radio said on Friday .
In Middle-earth, ‘’Cormarë’’ was the term for “Ring Day”, a celebration held in the Reunited Kingdom for Frodo Baggins after the destruction of the One Ring
The name was later changed to its Sindarin form which meant Hidden Rock
8 - Lindsay Davenport ( U.S. ) beat Adriana Serra-Zanetti ( Italy ) 6 - 2 6-1
In response, Wormtongue stabs Saruman in the back, who falls from Orthanc and lands on a spike
After Oromë discovered the Quendi in Cuiviénen, the Valar decided to invite the Elves to Aman
4. Marco Lietti ( Italy ) MG-Technogym 1:16
The victorious Army of the West returned to Minas Tirith for the crowning of Aragorn as King Elessar Telcontar; Éowyn agreed to marry Faramir, son of Denethor, and later Aragorn renewed the Gift of Cirion, and Éomer took again the Oath of Eorl
Megawati Sukarnoputri , deposed leader of the Indonesian Democratic Party ( PDI ) has sued the government for ousting her as PDI leader .
A motorist threatened a fellow driver with a starting pistol as he overtook him illegally in the inside lane on a motorway near Berlin and was photographed in the act by the driver 's wife , prosecutors said on Wednesday .
N. Williams 5-43 ) .
AUCKLAND 1996-08-30
BOSTON AT CALIFORNIA
When he learned of the Kinslaying at Alqualondë, he was outraged and wanted nothing to do with most of the Ñoldor and their war and even outlawed the use of Quenya in his kingdom
D. Fulton 64 , N. Llong 63 , M. Walker 59 ) and second innings
" The way the U.S. Open has seeded here , tampering with the ranking system , has tarnished the image and reputation of this U.S. Open in the players ' mind , and we think that is damaging to our sport , " Martin said .
" There is no strategy to ban books or to suppress freedom of expression in any form whatsoever , " Taha told Reuters .
The inhabitants of Dol Amroth and lands nearby were some of the few people of Gondor who spoke Sindarin regularly
Isildur kept the One Ring, but it was useless in defending his men against the Orcs
" The Foreign Ministry is trying to find out from the Greek embassy why Albanian refugees have been deported from Greece , " Shehu told Reuters .
In northern Texas , the current rainfall situation was similar to most of Oklahoma , said Rodney Mosier , executive assistant for the Texas Wheat Producers .
This fear reached its peak in the later years of Númenor, where even the long life given to the Númenóreans was not enough, and these Men did all they could to try to escape death altogether
The hard-serving O'Brien , a former U.S. collegiate national champion , fired up 17 aces to ultimately subdue the never-say-die Washington .
He is a character invented for the 2013 video game
The Silmarils (originally called Silmarilli in Quenya), also known as the Jewels of Fëanor, were gems crafted by Fëanor from some essence of the Two Trees of Valinor, Laurelin and Telperion, before the First Age. They were among the most prized of all the wonders crafted by the Elves and were coveted by many
We will ask the ( EU ) scientific and veterinary committee to examine it , " Commission spokesman Gerard Kiely told Reuters .
This causes him to experience great pain and loathing for himself, which he thrusts upon his unfortunate victims
" My application this year has been strange , " Norman said . "
The effort badly bruised his arm, however, and he found an ancient well nearby, and froze its water into ice, speaking Quenya to heal his injury
His army was destroyed, and he fled from Angmar into Mordor where he and the Witch-king were reunited with the rest of the Nazgûl
Galion was a Nandorin Wood-elf of the Woodland Realm in northern Mirkwood
In the battle his men turned on the Sons of Fëanor
STANSTED , England 1996-08-27
Magnus Gustafsson ( Sweden ) beat Carlos Costa ( Spain ) 7-5 4-6 7-6 ( 7-4 ) 6-3
She was one of the most significant of Númenors royal family, as she presumably inherited both the sword Narsil and the Ring of Barahir from Tar-Elendil, her father
Luinil was made by Varda in preparation for the Awakening of the Elves from the silver dews of Telperion stored in the Wells of Varda
The House of Durin referred to the descendants of Durin that ruled as Kings of Durins Folk
In the Pelennor Fields level of the " "video game, the player must kill two to a multitude of Mûmakil (depending on how much the Witch-king is damaged each round)
A rural, fertile, and slightly warmer area of the Shire, the Southfarthing was the site of the towns Gamwich (original home of the Gamgee family), Cotton, and Longbottom, and much of the Pipe-weed production
FLORIDA AT ST LOUIS
Although Haldir dies in the battle at Helms Deep in the film, there is no mention of his death in any of Tolkiens published works
In the Folk of Marach family tree from "The War of the Jewels", Zimrahin and Malach had a third child
When he looked down he saw that it was none other then Forweg, their leader
Consumer spending , incomes edge up in July .
Scunthorpe 3 2 0 1 2 2 6
Austrian coach Herbert Prohaska said his team had displayed great fighting spirit but sometimes lacked ideas .
The name Finrod is a Sindarin form of his Telerin (Quenya) name Findaráto, with the approximate meaning "Mighty descendant of Finwë"
BERNE 1996-08-28
Gondor, Rohan, Rivendell, Mordor, Isengard and the Evil Men can all field them for support in battle
The player can use the power of the infamous ring to become invisible and sneak past enemies, and will fight enemies with various weapons such as a walking stick, throwing stones, and the magical sword Sting
He has recently dropped a drive for federalism , saying secession from Rome 's wasteful and centralised bureaucracy is the only solution for northerners .
The punishment for this war was, nonetheless, creating new Saurons, and transforming Men and Elves into Orcs
U.S. physicist who discovered the two zones of radiation encircling the earth to which he gave his name .
In ancient times, their King Skorgrim led the clan to attack the Refuge of Edhelion, an Elvish settlement, seeking for the power of immortality within the relics the Elves kept
Sakai officials agreed with the assessment , but said it was too early to feel relieved .
Defenders - Jorge Costa , Paulinho Santos , Helder Cristovao , Carlos Secretario , Dimas Teixeira , Fernando Couto .
It added Bureau Veritas has accredited AEI Iberfreight 's offices at Alicante , Barcelona , Bilbao , Madrid , Seville and Valencia as meeting the necessary standards .
Dramborleg was the great axe wielded by Tuor during the First Age
STUTTGART , Germany 1996-08-22
A year later, a large force arrived from Gondor, and allied with the Men of Arthedain and the Elves they routed the Witch-kings army at the Battle of Fornost
He tells Gandalf that he has "a token he was bidden to show" and then takes out Frodos mithril vest and throws it at Gandalf
Formenos was a Quenya name, meaning "Northern fortress" from "formen" ("north") and "ost" ("fortress")
R. Tolkien", Tolkien describes Goldberry as the seasonal changes in nature, and Tom Bombadil as the nature spirit of the English countryside. Tolkien based his mythic personages on Eurasian myth and cosmology: The Great Goddess who is mother of all things was, before Time existed, the element of water, undifferentiated
Presidential officials were not available to comment on the call for Iliescu 's impeachment .
Investigators are probing several other cases .
Two players have withdrawn from the Republic of Ireland squad for the 1998 World Cup qualifying match against Liechenstein on August 31 , the Football Association of Ireland said in a statement on Friday .
Grobbelaar now plays for English second division leaders Plymouth Argyle after years in the top flight with Liverpool and Southampton .
Balin immediately tells his brother to cut the traces and ride the remaining goats to Ravenhill, volunteering to stay behind and hold back the wargs as long as he could
Most of the Men who fought in the armies of Morgoth and Sauron were Easterlings, who came from the region around the Sea of Rhûn
They now play in group five with Cameroon , Gabon and Kenya .
He later equips himself with a large two-handed mace from Lake-towns armory for the raid on the Lonely Mountain
Orthodox church blown up in southern Croatia .
Martin Damm ( Czech Republic ) beat 6 - Younes El Aynaoui
Mahtan was a skilled smith in Valinor who learned the arts of metal and stonework under direction of the Vala Aulë
The most striking feature of Quenya is that it is a highly , meaning that multiple are often added to words to express grammatical function
The other two first-round ties will pit hosts Germany against the Czech Republic and visiting France against Japan .
MOSCOW 1996-08-26
"Palarran" is a Quenya word meaning Far-wanderer
( Schreuder 39th , Van Arum 76th , 83rd ) .
Trade balance ( million markka ) :
Canada 's ministry of foreign affairs in Ottawa had no immediate comment on the report .
KUALA LUMPUR 1996-08-22
In earlier versions of the legendarium, Hunthors name was Torbath
When Tulkas had finally subdued Melko, Aulë set the Ilterindi on each of his ankles
Ilterindi were made by the Vala Aulë out of the metal Tilkal
The Battle of the Somme occurred during World War I
Indeed, it saddened the hearts of all the other tribes of the Jorthkyn to find out that the Rauta-lehmäa, a neighboring tribe of Earth-kin that lived in the North Downs, had sided with the Witch-king of Angmar
Police in Malta said on Saturday they had seized 7.5 tonnes of cannabis concealed in a shipment of chilli sauce on its way from Singapore to Romania .
66 Paul Goydos , Billy Mayfair , Hidemichi Tanaka ( Japan )
Harry was in the Common Room of The Prancing Pony and witnessed Frodos disappearance when the Ring slipped onto his finger after his performance of a folk song
As the only child of Tar-Palantir, Míriel should have been the Ruling Queen, Pharazôn usurped her throne in SA 3255, becoming Ar-Pharazôn, and married her against her will, reneming her Ar-Zimraphel (as Ruling Queen, she would have preferred the Quenya "Tar-" and been Tar-Míriel)
The army of Saruman consisted of Uruk-hai and some wild men from Dunland
In recompense for the suffering of Fingolfins people, Maedhros waived his claim and that of his brothers to be High King of the Ñoldor and removed his people to East Beleriand
Some actors also wore oversized costumes to make average-sized actors look small, and there were numerous scale doubles who were disguised with costumes (and even latex faces for the hobbit doubles) and an avoidance of close-ups and numerous back shots
-- Henry Tricks , Mexico City newsroom +525 728-9560
NEW YORK 1996-08-25
" Bernard Ingham told me that if I ever heard anything that indicated danger I was to let him know , " Orr said .
MDS was founded in 1978 by a group led by Ahmed Mestiri , who withdrew from politics in 1992 .
ISTANBUL 1996-08-31
Turambars defeat of the Easterlings was a battle or perhaps a series of battles in which King Turambar of Gondor decisively defeated the Easterling invaders
England first innings 326 ( J. Crawley 106 , G. Thorpe 54 ; Waqar
- Members of a County Antrim Protestant family who were driven into exile by by loyalist paramilitaries two years ago returned yesterday to live in Northern Ireland in defiance of the threat hanging over them .
They began to forge weapons and armor in preparation for their masters war in the east region of Rhovanion
Sarn Athrad was Sindarin for Ford of Stones
AMTRAK train hits truck , derails in Vermont .
"Nenuial" is Sindarin for "Lake of Twilight", suggesting that the lake was best seen at that time of day
NICOSIA 1996-08-24
Angainor was the chain made for restraining Melkor within the Halls of Mandos
" We plan to build a 10,000-seat stadium , but it may well be situated elsewhere , " said club chairman Abdul Rahman Haj Yihye . "
Among this people were also the Men of Agar and Udul
May 13 Arrive in London
Fëanor was furious at Melkor and at the Valars perceived desire to take the gems for their own purposes
The bulk of the human population in the north-west of Middle-earth consisted of native Middle Men and descendants of earlier Númenórean colonists, the two groups having intermingled to varying degrees
Others advancing early on Monday included 11th-seeded American Malivai Washington , the Wimbledon runner-up , Sweden 's Magnus Gustafsson , and two-time former French Open champion Sergi Bruguera of Spain , who will be Stich 's next opponent .
EASTERN DIVISION
He carrys a Scimitar and rides on an armored horse
This proved to be disastrous for the Free Peoples in the Nírnaeth Arnoediad when Ulfang and his clan switched sides and defected to Morgoth, while Bór and his sons died bravely fighting on the side of the Elves
Takeda , 18 , showed poise far beyond his years to overtake Australian Ducati rider Troy Corser , last year 's championship runner-up , with four of the 25 laps left .
U.S. F-14 catches fire while landing in Israel .
The elephant crashed into Hari Maya Poudels house in Madhumalla village earlier this week while she was asleep , they said .
He said Stallone , best known for the " Rocky " and " Rambo " movies , left the set of " Copland , " which is filming in New York and New Jersey , to be with Flavin for the birth .
Mauritius now play in group seven of the qualifiers against Malawi , Mozambique and favourites Zambia .
After the death of Finwë, Finarfin was there when Fëanor gave his wrathful speech before the Ñoldor of Tirion; listening to the hasty words, he tried in vain to persuade the Ñoldor to pause and not be rash
MILWAUKEE AT CHICAGO
JAKARTA 1996-08-27
Renzo Furlan ( Italy ) vs. Thomas Johansson ( Sweden )
To restore the Trees and foil Melkors malice, Yavanna asked Fëanor to give up the Silmarils so that they could be broken, and the light within them released
Bossi has intensified his separatist rhetoric since his Northern League party 's good showing in last April 's general election , when it took 10 percent of the vote nationally .
Because Tolkien intended Black Speech to sound unpleasant and harsh, he did not enjoy writing in it, and for this reason he created very little vocabulary
Malach Aradan soon led a great part of his people, the "Marachians", westward of Beleriand to the country of Dor-lómin in the north which was given to his people by the Ñoldorin Elven-lords of the House of Fingolfin
Adrahil of Dol Amroth, who fought with Calimehtar against the Wainriders in TA 1944 (predating both Imrazôr and the death of Amroth), probably also belongs to this version
Wainriders - Wargs - Werewolves - Wizards - Wood-elves - Wraiths Andúril, also called the Flame of the West and the Sword that was Broken, was the sword which was reforged from the shards of Narsil in Rivendell
MOSCOW 1996-08-29
Former Italian international winger Gianluigi Lentini , transferred to Milan in 1992 for what was believed to be a world record sum , has been loaned to serie A club Atalanta for a year , newspapers reported on Friday .
" The main subject ( of the talks ) was the search for a peaceful solution for Nagorno-Karabakh , " the source said .
The Burundi team were unable to leave their troubled country for a preliminary round first leg match in Bangui earlier this month because of an air ban imposed in a recent set of internationally-sponsored sanctions .
Her epessë Undómiel means "Evenstar", from the Quenya "Undómë" ("evening twilight") and "el" ("star")
The poem "Namárië" is the longest piece of Quenya found in "The Lord of the Rings"
ATHLETICS - SALAH HISSOU BREAKS 10,000 METRES WORLD RECORD .
5. Damon Hill ( Britain ) Williams 29.179
Towards the end of the First Age when the Valar were preparing for the final assault on Morgoth, the Teleri of Olwë agreed only to sail the ships for very few of them were willing to go to war
HANOVER , Germany 1996-08-27
NEW YORK 1996-08-28
The Barrow-wights began appearing in the Barrow-downs after the Dúnedain of Cardolan succumbed to the ravages of the Great Plague
After Beren and Lúthien had won the Silmaril but Beren had lost his hand to the werewolf Carcharoth, Huan joined Beren, Thingol, Beleg Cúthalion and Mablung in the Hunt for the Wolf
TA 2500) was the Lord of Edhelion, who died when the Dourhands surrounded him and the halls collapsed
True to the books, Narya itself is invisible, but reveals itself on Gandalfs hand when questioned
The result of such actions brought about much anguish on the race of Men through the centuries of the history of Arda
Gimli wishes that he could muster an army of Dwarves from his home, though Legolas speculates that war already marches on their lands as well
3 - Jacek Berensztain ( GKS Belchatow ) , Marek Citko ( Widzew ) ,
Proceeding with the letter on May 22, Tolkien reported another pathetic frosty day
Shooting the fight sequence in the Orthanc interiors, without air conditioning (for atmosphere) but with heavy wigs and robes, was described by the actors as "murder"
The Oathbreakers then followed Aragorn to Pelargir, where they helped him take over the ships of the Corsairs of Umbar
Another group of Men were the Woses or Drúedain
Belgian international Luc Nilis scored twice on Sunday as PSV Eindhoven came from behind to beat Groningen 4-1 in Eindhoven .
While passing out warm jackets, Alfrid came by and demands that she pass him one
LONDON 1996-08-26
After the cleansing and purification of Dol Guldur by Galadriel, Celeborn claimed a large area east of Lórien and ruled there until he grew weary of Lothlóriens diminished glory after the passing of his wife and Nenya
Understating the cost of exported goods could still be a loophole for barter dealers , but Volkova said the authorities are currently " tackling the technicalities of the issue " .
He smashes through the walls of the mountain, shakes off his gold coating, and takes flight to Lake-town. In ", Thorin and Company return to Gallery of Kings and remain for a while
Here he was nurtured and tought to spite his blood and birth, and to hate both Elves and Men
It was much more conservative than Quenya, and was the closest to Common Telerin (from which Sindarin and Nandorin were also derived), and even to Common Eldarin of the later Elvish languages
It came with a dark-red leather "belt" if the Man of Rhûn was to strap the shield to the forearm for combat requiring two hands
Mark Philippoussis beat fellow Australian Mark Woodforde 6-7 ( 6-8 ) 6-3 6-3 6-3 in a men 's singles first round match at the U.S. Open on Tuesday .
Thorin, Fíli and Kíli cut down several Orcs with their short swords and shields, Dwalin, Nori, Bofur, and Dáin Ironfoot strike down dozens of Orcs with their war hammers, and Bombur wielding a flail smashes the skulls of a few Orcs
" Our security concerns oblige us to maintain our nuclear option , " he said , adding that India had exercised restraint in not carrying out any nuclear tests since the country 's lone test blast in 1974 .
For this reason the scholars that attempted to reconstruct Khuzdul necessitated to create a wholly original vocabulary and grammar rules, mostly based on , and Hebrew in particular
N. Knight c and b Mushtaq Ahmed 8
AMSTERDAM 1996-08-27
Salim Malik 100 not out , Ijaz Ahmed 61 )
COLOMBO 1996-08-28
Arafat , who made an interim peace deal with Israel in 1993 that set up self-rule , says he will only visit Jerusalem once Israeli occupation has ended .
He was succeeded by his son, Elendur
During the War of the Ring at the end of the Third Age, Sharkeys Men had turned Michel Delving into a prison, where many important Hobbits were held
The Broadbeams were a clan of Dwarves who came from the Blue Mountains
Aragorn then arranged the Army of the West defensively on two Slag Hills and the Battle of the Black Gate began
Dimbar was still empty and seemingly at peace even after the ravages of the Dagor Bragollach, possibly due to the watchfulness of the Men of Brethil
The Hobbitons are a Dutch folk group
Lewis 71 10 264 1 264.00
" Lebed is now in Chechnya solving some problems , " Interfax quoted Chernomyrdin as saying . "
On the way to Helms Deep, the company are attacked by Warg-riders
6. Ludwig 1:25
SOCCER - KLINSMANN TO RETIRE AFTER 1998 WORLD CUP .
VENICE , Italy 1996-08-31
This leads to him becoming increasingly determined to have it, even willing to let Bilbo die rather than risk the quest to fail
Kansas City has scored only one run in two games .
His line was referred to as the House of Telcontar (Telcontar being Quenya for "Strider")
A policeman in the southern Belgian town of Chatelet told Reuters that thieves used a car to ram the window of an arms store in neighbouring Chatelineaux last night .
At this time no seedling of the tree was found, and the dead tree was left standing "until the King returns." Fourth White Tree
Nothing else is known of her life or whether she married and had children
In the end, Erebor was taken by Smaug and likely thousands of Dwarves and hundreds of Men of Dale, including Lord Girion, were killed during the terrible firestorm that Smaug committed
The Hunt for Gollum is the story of how Gandalf the Grey and Aragorn II searched for the creature Gollum, hoping to keep the whereabouts of the One Ring of Power from Sauron, and to learn how Gollum came into possession of the Ring
When Kíli is surrounded by several Spiders and is left with no weapons to defend himself, Elves, led by Legolas and Tauriel, arrive and rescue Kíli from the spiders
Rammas Echor (or the Rammas) was a great ancient wall surrounding Minas Tirith and enclosing the Pelennor Fields
Earlier , the director of the president 's office denied a report in Israel 's Yedioth Ahronoth newspaper that Weizman had already invited Arafat to his private home for talks in the coming week on the future of the Israel-PLO peace process .
The dwarves once again offer Bilbo a share of wealth, but he again refuses gold and accepts only a keepsake, after which he returns to his house, where he begins to write poetry and go to visit the elves in order to remember his adventures with them
The Army of the Deads chief weapon was fear, which drove the corsairs manning the ships to flee their vessels and jump overboard, without giving battle
Originally, Fallohides were often found as leaders among clans of the other Hobbits
In "The Return of the King" however, their cries are powerful enough to send all but the most stout-hearted of Gondors defenders into helpless terror, and the Witch-king in particular had become so powerful that he challenged the reborn Gandalf the White
KUALA LUMPUR 1996-08-25
62 Paul Broadhurst
The slain Dunlendings were buried in a communal mound, while the Orc carcasses were simply piled off to the side of the battlefield and left to rot
The Wainriders were completely defeated in a great rout
It was an official of the Miss Venezuela Organisation who first said Machado had been told to lose weight fast .
" Georges Zicot was arrested and will be charged with truck theft , insurance fraud and document forgery , " Bourlet told a news conference .
Wengert ( 7-9 ) , who failed to record a shutout in his previous 86 starts in either the minors or majors , did not walk a batter and struck out three for Oakland .
In the study at the University 's Institute for Human Gene Therapy , researchers altered a common-cold virus to carry a version of the working dystrophin gene .
SEATTLE 1996-08-22
Kocinski led for the early laps before he was passed first by Aoki , who recorded the fastest lap of 147.786 kph , and then by Takeda .
Three out of four Swedish babies born to mothers who caught measles developed serious cases of Crohn 's disease , the researchers said .
Isen was a Rohirric word that meant Iron
75 Jim Furyk , Satoshi Higashi ( Japan ) , Willie Wood , Shigeki
The plane was hijacked on its way from Khartoum to the Jordanian capital Amman on Monday evening and landed at Larnaca airport in Cyprus to refuel .
Conroy noted two 500 KV and another 220 KV line running from the Sierra plant to Los Angeles remained in operation , and continued to carry some of the production from Sierra to the region .
Gandalf was delayed after being held captive by Saruman, bringing news that the wizard is marshaling his own army
His other names Elentirmo and Irimon meant "the Heavens" and "Star Watcher" also in Quenya
The magazines named the woman as Fili Houteman , a 26-year-old French singer and dancer in a Belgian cabaret club .
He said that he would allow the marriage only if Beren brought back a Silmaril from the Iron Crown of Morgoth
" I have never lost more sleep over the making of a film than I have over ' Michael Collins ' , but I 'll never make a more important one , " Jordan said .
An empty plain, it was bordered to the west by the Narog, and in the east by the Sirion
Beregond traveled with Aragorns army to the Black Gate of Mordor to challenge the forces of Sauron
In the Second Prophecy of Mandos, it is told that Eärendil will return from the sky for the love of the Sun and Moon that Melkor would blot out, and fight in the Dagor Dagorath
Lukashenko 's aides shrugged off Sharetsky 's charge . "
An example of this is the Rohirric word for hobbit (kûd-dûkan) and the hobbits name for themselves, "kuduk"
Arafat goes to Nablus ahead of cabinet meeting .
Cooper
It was near the Westfarthing-Northfarthing border and was on The Water about five miles north of Rushock Bog
These words, in the Black Speech of Mordor, sound sufficiently evil that during the Council of Elrond, the Elves present stopped their ears upon hearing the inscription spoken in that tongue
The Elvish form of Half-elves is Peredhil (singular "Peredhel"), which is a Sindarin word
Unlike the reign of Helms great-grandfather King Goldwine that Helm had spent his early childhood under, the reign of Helms grandfather King Déor would be marked by conflict with the Dunlendings, who were a race of wild men that inhabited the lands bordering Rohan
Fluithuin was an ogress in earlier versions of J.R.R. Tolkiens legendarium
Like Ents, they learned the Art of Speech
"Main article: Witch-kings Fellbeast" Besides weapons crafted from forges in Mordor, the Witch-king also used his winged fellbeast as a method of attacking his enemies
-- Amsterdam newsroom +31 20 504 5000
When Maedhros and Maglor heard that Elwing had survived the fall of Doriath and was keeping the Silmaril at the Havens of Sirion, they prepared an army to attack the Havens and take the Silmaril by force
U.N. police , relief workers and NATO officers have reported a rise in political violence across Bosnia in the run-up to the September 14 elections .
SOCCER - FRANCE LAUNCH 1998 WORLD CUP BUILD-UP WITH 2-0 WIN .
Though the mystics have found him first, much of the Strangers memory is restored and he in turn rescues the Harfoots by disintegrating the mystics
-- Bombay newsroom +91-22-265 9000
STOCKHOLM 1996-08-30
Hazad called his youngest son Tal-Elmar because he resembled much his late grandmother
Ian Rush , the Welsh striker signed from Liverpool in the close season , set up the goal , feeding Sharpe as he galloped forward and the former England winger cut inside onto his unfavoured right foot to arc a shot into the right-hand corner of the net .
When Melkor came to Avathar and requested her aid in the destruction of the Two Trees, she followed him using the Unlight as a cloak to hide their approach
But when the Witch-king and his army attacked Gondor in March 3019, it was revealed that Saurons forces had secretly built many floats and barges in East Osgiliath
Haleth is the son of Háma, the door-warden of Meduseld who has died in a Warg attack
PARIS 1996-08-28
Starting in about SA 750, the Guild of Venturers showed interest in the island and used it as a haven for their flagship Eämbar which was frequently anchored there
All hope seemed lost when an army of Orcs came upon the flank of the army of Gondor, but at that moment Eorl and his cavalry thundered out of the north unlooked for and, smashing into the rear of the Balchoth, completely reversed the fortunes of battle
Belgian police have visited Bratislava and will visit Prague .
The equivalent term in Black Speech was "Olog"
Media baron Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp Ltd reported lower than expected 1995/96 profits on Thursday , but forecast that the hit film " Independence Day " would help increase profits by at least 20 percent in 1996/97 .
Túrin soon awoke, and discovered what had passed, and threw himself on his sword.[1][2][3] Earlier stages
Israel captured Arab East Jerusalem in the 1967 Middle East war and annexed it .
This was also the same year that the One Ring was taken by the Stoor Sméagol (later called Gollum), who disappeared with it into the Misty Mountains for hundreds of years
With the help of these greatest Elf craftsman, Sauron was able to continue with his plans for Middle-earth by making of magic rings
Thousands of orcs came marching out as Azog himself took up a position overlooking the battlefield and gave the command to charge
Boston 's Mo Vaughn went 3-for-3 with a walk , stole home for one of his three runs scored and collected his 116th RBI .
NEW YORK 1996-08-26
His bloodline and spirited leadership survived in the Dúnedain of the North and South of Middle-earth, that would in turn sire the brave and heroic Men that would help bring a final end to Sauron in the War of the Ring
This optional boss fight is the culmination of a particular Side Quest where Frodo Gamgee goes into Mushroom Woods to re-enact Aragorns journey into the Path of the Dead to recruit the Armies of the Dead, fighting him and his men along the way to convince them to join him to save Minas Tirith
In battle, he rides a wild boar and wields a war hammer
"Atan", "Atani "- Quenya for Father-of-Man
" We have ordered a massive hunt for him and I am quite confident we will get him soon , " Vivit Chatuparisut , deputy director general of the Correction Department , told Reuters .
Hill-trolls were also known to bite the throats of those that they threw down
2. Paul Malin ( Britain ) Yamaha 317
Later the inside of the tower is shown when the Orcs fight over the Mithril Shirt and Sam makes his way in to save Frodo from Gorbag
Legolas also witnesses the return of Gandalf with an army of horsemen led by Éomer
London ( The Oval ) : Warwickshire 195 , Surrey 429-7 ( C. Lewis 80 not out , M. Butcher 70 , G. Kersey 63 , J. Ratcliffe 63 , D. Bicknell 55 ) .
Mounting on an abandoned cart and riding down the sloping road, Bard rides the cart over the heads of his daughters and son, jumps off the cart, and drives his sword through the ogres chest, killing it instantly
The Indians sent the game into extra innings in the ninth on Kenny Lofton 's two-run single .
Privately, his followers called him by his Adûnaic language name: Ar-Abattârik
She was created for , and as such is non-canonical
Ferencvaros :
6. Jean Alesi ( France ) Benetton 1:55.101
During the first three hundred-plus years of Rohans existence, the term "Éored" was used widely to describe any significant number of Riders
Celtic 's Jackie McNamara , who did well with last season 's successful under-21 team , earns a call-up to the senior squad .
( Australia ) 7-5 6-4
" I hope I can get into the last 16 , " said Hingis , seeded to face third seed Arantxa Sanchez Vicario in the fourth round .
BOGOTA , Colombia 1996-08-29
In the Second Age they took the Sindarin Elf Amdír as their king and he ruled until he was slain with many of his people during the Battle of Dagorlad
Mother Teresa spent her 86th birthday in a Calcutta hospital bed on Tuesday as tributes to the legendary missionary poured in from around the world .
Tulio , who has been top-scorer in the competition for the last two seasons , has been struggling against injury for most of this year .
She married Rollo Boffin and the two had an unknown number of children
- Two investors who claim to be owed nearly one million Irish pounds by fund manager Tony Taylor believe they may have lost their money .
Other villages were Combe, Staddle, and Archet, home to a mixed population of both Men and Hobbits
An eye specialist told the 35-year-old Bruno that he could be blinded in one eye if he boxed again , the newspaper said .
" We have always been concerned about barter deals with other countries , viewing them as a disguised kind of capital flight from Russia , " Marina Volkova , deputy head of the currency department at the State Customs Committee , told Reuters .
She was wise in thought and learned in the lore of Men and thus was called Saelind ("Wise-heart) "by the Elves of her time
"Balrog" - Sindarin word for demon of might
The reason for the sudden attacks by the Easterlings at this time is untold
Scorers : Drazen Beser ( 63rd ) , Miljenko Mumler ( penalty ,
Leo Carruthers tells of 11th century historiographer Geoffrey of Britain, and the development over time of the Arthurian tales in Europe
Marhwini, and later his son Forthwini, continued their alliance with Gondor, fighting the Wainriders and other eastern invaders alongside Kings Calimehtar and Ondoher
Following the arrival of the Istari in Middle-earth, Círdan, recognising Gandalf as the wisest of the five and also as a Maiar, passed Narya on to him
Pakistan first innings
Pallando was one of the five Istari or Wizards that were sent to Middle-earth to aid the Free Peoples in their struggle against Sauron
Eventually, an army of Ents and Huorns led by Treebeard of Fangorn, attacked Isengard, wrecking all of Sarumans industries, though unable to force entry into or damage Orthanc
Lancashire then reached 210 for five at the close -- just four ahead -- after Neil Fairbrother hit 55 in 60 balls to add to his first innings of 86 .
Scoreboard in the Singer World
Frankfurt 768,269 up 1.5
Celeborn at first welcomed Gimli despite his distrust of Dwarves and said he hoped that there could be friendship between their peoples once more
The Wainriders had been checked, but they had not been defeated
Millns , who toured Australia with England A in 1992/93 , replaces former England all-rounder Phillip DeFreitas as Boland 's overseas professional .
LEGO 79002 Attack of the Wargs is a set depicting this scene
Hostetter (born 1965) is a computer scientist at NASAs Goddard Space Flight Center, head of the international Elvish Linguistic Fellowship, and a specialist in J.R.R. Tolkiens languages
In , Merry accompanies the army of the west to the Black Gate
BANGKOK 1996-08-29
Grór led the other portion of Durins Folk further east to the Iron Hills where he founded his realm
Jackson wanted to adapt The Lord of the Rings, but Walsh then suggested they should start with The Hobbit, which Jackson hadnt read until that time
8. Sally Barsosio ( Kenya ) 15:14.34
Continuing the letter on April 26, Tolkien reported doing some agents business, gave a poor address, saw the Lewis and Charles Williams, cut gardens, composed letters, and battled with "The Ring"
After Dains army arrives and begins to fight Azogs huge Orc army, Thorin refuses to aid his cousin
However following the Great Plague in TA 1636 the watch on Mordor failed and evil began to creep back in
However, these weapons were anything but fine smith-craft; they more or less resembled a rusted pruning hook horribly blighted by the corrupting influence of the Dark Lord
The name Celepharn was a Sindarin word of unknown meaning
The Haradrim were forced to recognize him as their overlord and paid tribute to Gondor, and their sons where forced to live as hostages in the court of the king
Late on Friday , the two girls -- Rachel Legeard , 18 , and Severine Potty , 19 -- were reported missing after failing to return home from a shopping trip to the eastern town of Liege on Thursday .
Vermont Central Hospital spokesman Dan Pudvah said two of the injured were treated there -- the truck driver , who was suffering from multiple trauma injuries , and a passenger .
Kristina Brandi ( U.S. ) beat Andrea Glass ( Germany ) 6-2 6-3
American world champion Gwen Torrence , the bronze medallist in Atlanta , was second in 11.00 .
Just last week , Sun Microsystems and the Silicon Valley venture capital giant Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers said they had completed financing of a $ 100 million fund managed by Kleiner Perkins to fund startups developing Java technologies .
The match boiled over when Hill made to walk off court after what he claimed was a game-winning point in the third .
Lawyer Cesare dal Maso told ANSA that Stevanin confessed to beheading and dumping the body of a fourth woman in the nearby Adige river .
Fíriel is a Quenya word meaning mortal woman
MONTREAL 1996-08-28
Monday brought the best out in U.S. Open rookie Aleksandra Olsza of Poland , ranked 110th .
In the Second Age when the men of Númenor fell under the shadow, their faith wavered and their hearts turned to evil
Eärendil was a Quenya name which means "Lover of the Sea", from "eä" ("sea") and the suffix "-ndil" ("devoted to, friend, lover")
Workers at Salvador voted to strike from Saturday , and it was not clear when further talks between the unions and management would take place .
An ISS statement said that Aaxis , with year-end 1996 assets of US$ 10.9 million and equity of $ 10.5 million , would be listed on the Montreal stock exchange , but did not say when .
"Targon" was a Quenya word that meant Royal Stone
The Sindarin name Gwathló was adapted from the name Gwathir, given to the river by the Númenóreans in the Second Age
2 - Rodney Eyles ( Australia ) beat Zarak Jahan Khan ( Pakistan )
Sandrine Testud ( France ) beat Ines Gorrochategui ( Argentina ) 4-6 6-2 6-1
The hobbits are each given a Dagger of Westernesse by Tom, found in the treasure of the wights barrow
Though Saurons forces were probably more numerous, it is likely that the Dwarves and Men of Dale were better equipped, thanks to the Lonely Mountains armouries
The records also provide insight into medical thinking of the day .
In general the Orcs tend to be shorter than most men
Stefan Edberg ( Sweden ) beat 5 - Richard Krajicek ( Netherlands ) 6- 3 6-3 6-3
Jeff Tarango ( U.S. ) beat Alex Radulescu ( Romania ) 6-7 ( 5-7 ) 6-4 6-1 retired , heat exhaustion
The Albanian daily Koha Jone reported earlier that Greece had deported about 5,000 Albanians in the last five days .
MANCHESTER , England 1996-08-28
45. Malta 7.40
Volume was 19,560 contracts .
A British aid worker , held hostage in Chechnya for nearly four weeks , said on Saturday a cocked Kalashnikov had been thrust into his mouth at one point during his ordeal .
He was slain by Bilbo, Thorins company, and Princess Mika (an invented character who was one of three survivors from Erebor and Esgaroth along with Thorin) by shooting a large arrow, with the heart-shaped Arkenstone serving as the arrowhead, from a ballista
" The labour market has been expanding throughout 1996 , but in a very uneven pattern , " Conference Board economist Ken Goldstein said . "
Sauron eventually used the Wainriders to distract and weaken Gondor, and the Nazgûl re-entered in TA 1980
Puchon 2 Chonbuk 1 ( halftime 1-1 )
By the latter-half of the Second Age, many of the Faithful from Andúnië were so mistrusted by the Kings Men that they were forcibly removed from the city, and made to live in Rómenna
280 Alexander Cejka ( Germany ) 72 71 71 66 , Davis Love 70 74
With this lethal combination, a halberdier could not only stab a horse or impale its rider, but also dismount the cavalryman, parry and block other polearms, or hamstring the riders mount
In 1993, the Finnish broadcaster Yle produced a live-action miniseries called "Hobitit" ("The Hobbits")
( Red River ) 4.46 dn .02 5.00 unc -- --
BEIJING 1996-08-31
( Sweden ) , Paul Eales , David Williams , Andrew Coltart ,
LONDON 1996-08-26
They are known as the lesser rings of the Rings of Power, or simply magic rings when referring to the rings forged by the Elves as "essays in the craft"- they are said to bear no gem (similar to the One Ring)
To pre-empt this, Calimehtar assembled an army in Ithilien which he marched north, also sending cavalry over the Undeeps to harass the unguarded enemy positions there
His elder siblings were Findis, Fingolfin, and Írimë; his elder half-brother was the infamous Ñoldorin High-prince Fëanor, son of Finwë and his first wife Míriel
The fan-made film "Horn of Gondor" (2020) depicts a lesser-known section of Middle-earth history, set 500 years before "The Lord of the Rings -" specifically, the invasion of the Balchoth, and Cirions need for placing trust in the Éothéod to Gondors north
The Dwarves of Durins Folk regarded this site as sacred and built a monument there
MOSCOW 1996-08-28
Runes of great virtue were set into it, said to cause enemies fear and friends joy, bringing the blowers friends to him
Herion was a sergeant in the army of Gondor from Minas Ithil
The Bosnian Serb cabinet , in a letter to the OSCE , said on Monday that any delay of local elections would be " a direct and flagrant violation fo the Dayton agreement " .
9. Donna Wynd ( New Zealand ) 36.831
Pelóri was a Quenya word that meant fencing or defensive heights
U.N. denies reports of Iraqi tank assault on Arbil .
When the Ñoldor came back to Middle-earth, they adopted the Sindarin language, for the Sindar were more numerous and slower to learn the language of Valinor, Quenya, the Ñoldors native language
Penn Treaty American Corp said Tuesday it terminated a previously announced non-binding letter of intent to purchase Merrion Insurance Company Inc , a New York licensed company .
The commander-in-chief of Tajikistan 's armed forces , Major-General Nikolai Sherbatov , took a group of journalists by helicopter to the remote , and now devastated , town to show that his forces held it .
Eager to avenge Gondors prior defeat by the Wainriders, Calimehtar led an army out of Gondor and joined with Northmen under Marhwini
Attacks on servicemen aimed at seizing their guns have become frequent in Russia where the number of violent crimes committed with the use of fire arms is growing .
Hassan Hafidh
The Wainrider War was a conflict between the Easterling Wainriders, their allies and Gondor with its Northmen allies
Salim Malik not out 2
Varda was the most beautiful of all the Valar, and her beauty was said to be beyond the description of Men and Elves, for her face radiated the light of Eru Ilúvatar
Next door on the grandstand , 10th seed Rios lost to another player with a Wimbledon connection -- bad boy Jeff Tarango .
Rohan was invaded from the east over the Undeeps and from Isengard, with the Dunlendings reinforced by Corsairs of Umbar who sailed up the rivers Lefnui and Isen
When news of Berens valiant deeds reached him, Morgoth put a price on his head, with Sauron at the helm of an army of Orcs, werewolves and other foul things on his trail
WELLINGTON 1996-08-22
South Africa beat New Zealand 32-22 ( haltime 16-8 ) in the final test match of their three-test series at Ellis Park on Saturday .
It is possible that the Witch-king himself had visited the Barrow-downs during the Ringwraiths search for Frodo, and that it was he who had roused the Barrow-wights to be vigilant for trespassers on their land
It was here that, according to the Dwarves, two of the Fathers of the Dwarves, the founders of the Broadbeams and the Firebeards, awoke
It would seem that the Haladin of Beleriand were completely wiped out, or at least disappeared as a separate people
LONDON 1996-08-23
TUE McCarthy YR DIV 36.8 32.0-43.0 28.0
Russians , rebels sign deal in Chechnya .
They traveled for days until they come across the enchanted stream Gandalf told them of but found that the bridge had been destroyed
Magnificent , ' ' said Fitzpatrick , New Zealand 's most capped player and the world 's most capped forward .
Allen declined to give say who would be subpoenaed .
Along the way, they are attacked by Sarumans Warg-riders
After the War of Wrath, some of the survivor Easterlings of Beleriand fled to the hills of Rhudaur and the mountains of Angmar
Other Númenóreans survived that were of the Kings Men, as they were already in Middle-earth before the Downfall and established other realms in exile to the south; of these the Haven of Umbar was the chief and continued to dominate the peoples of neighboring Harad
Salmar is a Quenya name of unspecified meaning
An Indian Fisheries Department official said the government planned to urge fishermen not to cross the international boundary between India and Sri Lanka , but admitted this would be hard to enforce because of Sri Lanka 's pomfret-rich waters .
"Yavie -" Quenya word for "Autumn" or the "ninth month of the year" Elfstan Fairbairn was a hobbit of the Shire, the only son of Fastred of Greenholm and Elanor Gardner (a daughter of Samwise Gamgee)
The Men of Brethil that comprised the rearguard were nearly all slain, along with Haldir, Lord of the Haladin
The group finds Wildermore ravaged by Sarumans forces and meets Nona, who had been helping the survivors, which mellowed her attitude towards the Rohirrim
The Silver Wings willpower and defense of 2 is good enough for regular use in questing or defending
Guinea is rich in minerals and has a vast potential for hydroelectric power generation but it faces stiff competition from its West African neighbours for foreign investment .
The president 's aircraft has received permission to pass through Israeli airspace but the president is not expected to travel to the West Bank before Monday , " Nabil Abu Rdainah told Reuters .
He tasks the player with slowing the enemys advance and repelling the attacks on the wall, but eventually retreats to Minas Tirith along with his men
When Fingolfin, the High King of the Ñoldor, learned of the heavy casualties of so many Ñoldor, he became consumed by a despair
Life on the road this year did not slow the Americans , who will try to avenge their 3-2 defeat in the final last year when they host Spain on September 28-29 in Atlantic City .
( G. Parsons 4-36 ) and 135-9 .
Their leader possessed a powerful black mace as well
Also, the player will receive the treasure item Bills riding crop upon finding him
Eldacar then returned with an army of his Northmen kin, and tired of Castamirs cruelty, many Men of Gondor joined them from inland provinces and cities
Finally, a third type is observed, faintly resembling the previous two but wearing tunics and head-bandages that reveal nothing but their eyes and noses (though, at least one can be seen with fangs)
The four hobbits get their Barrow-blades from this barrow, which is said to be the grave of the last prince of Cardolan
Eventually the last provisions were eaten
Inside were the skeletons and rotting corpses of Shelobs past prey; deeper into the cave could be found sticky, innumerable webs in a vast maze of tunnels
"Skirditaila" means "runic series" in Taliska
Australia , batting first in Thursday 's the warm-up match , scored 251 for seven from their 50 overs .
Earlier , Tendulkar completed his ninth century in one-day cricket , taking 138 balls to do it before being run out .
NEW YORK 1996-08-27
The devastating opening pair of Jayasuriya and Romesh Kaluwitharana shared a fine first wicket stand of 129 to the delight of the 25,000 fans .
It was always alive with song from the fair voices of the Teleri, and after Valinor became silent with the death of the Two Trees, the only good sounds that could still be heard were coming from this fair coastal haven
Organisers hope to persuade Britain 's former Olympic 100 metres champion Linford Christie to join a " Dream Team " sprint relay in a special tribute to Jesse Owens at Friday 's Berlin grand prix .
Dor-Cúarthol was Sindarin for Land of Bow and Helm
4. Magali Faure ( France ) 35.888
The name Telemnar was a Quenya word that was likely to have come from the words telempë, meaning "silver", and nár, meaning "flame"
Egyptian government newspapers have criticised Britain for allowing Islamists , whom they brand as " terrorists " , to hold their conference , saying the meeting will be a chance for dangerous Moslem militants to plot against their countries of origin .
Whoever wants a big market position in the Midwest has to come in and grab Mercantile or Commerce . "
7. Maarten den Bakker ( Netherlands ) TVM 1 minute 31 seconds
Rafter missed 10 weeks after wrist surgery earlier this year and the time away from tennis has given him a new perspective .
It was founded by Turgon the Wise, a Ñoldorin king in the early First Age
Porto , who are fighting to take their third consecutive title this season , were 2-0 down until the 86th minute when a header by Mario Jardel found the net after a string of missed opportunities , including a penalty taken by top league scorer Domingos Oliveira in the 60th minute .
Karlsruhe 4 ( Keller 18th minute , Dundee 56th 59th and 64th )
The warriors of Rohan used the same weapons as their footmen counterparts when on horseback
In the Second and Third Age, Sindarin became known as the Noble Tongue, and became the Elvish tongue used in daily speech throughout Middle-earth (helped by the decree of Thingol, who forbade the use of the Ñoldorin language in his realm)
His weapons are a cutlass and later the Black Sword of Sauron
Lupu is one of the tallest players in Romania 's first division , towering over Cozma by some 17 cms ,
LONDON 1996-08-22
Keri Ashton-Reid is a New Zealand actress who appeared as an extra in ""
Mordor had vast armies at its disposal, all filled with a fierce hatred of the Men of the West
Russia 's double Olympic champion Svetlana Masterkova smashed her second world record in just 10 days on Friday when she bettered the mark for the women 's 1,000 metres .
It is mentioned as well that the Dunlendings of Calenardhon were not ranked as Middle Men, but instead ranked among the "people of darkness," enemies, and aliens
Today , I got to play golf . "
While in exile Eldacar slowly gathered support from the Northmen and the Dúnedain from the northern parts of Gondor
The Elven realms flourished for over one thousand years until SA 1200 when Sauron, under the guise of a messenger from the Valar named Annatar, appeared out of the east to offer knowledge to the Elves
Many of the Elves in Harlindon, a part of Lindon south of the Gulf of Lune, were Sindarin Elves like Celeborn, and so he may have ruled a fiefdom there under Gil-galad
5. Patrick Stevens ( Belgium ) 20.54
Dhaka stocks end up on gains by engineering , banks .
It is said that he loved the sign of Orion, and made the sign, hence the fairies called him Lúthien (Wanderer), or (man of Luthany)
The help-wanted advertising index fell in July , the Conference Board said Thursday , reflecting the uneven nature of the nation 's labour markets .
Legolas mounts a stampeding Mûmak, climbing up the great beast to cut the war tower loose, sending the Haradrim archers into the path of the oncoming Oathbreakers
Czech Republic 1 0 0 1 3 7 0
They must be killed with ranged weapons
In Peter Jacksons films, Thorin begins his quest with his sword, axe, and oak-branch shield
" The new evidence to me means some of that proposal should be re-examined because we could get away with considerably less animals being culled if in fact scientists throughout Europe accepted this evidence , " Naish said .
1. Yuuchi Takeda ( Japan ) Honda 38 minutes 30.054 seconds
This can be seen in the descriptions of Frodo Baggins while wearing the One Ring of the appearance of both the Ringwraiths and the High Elf Glorfindel in that world
Mardil ruled Gondor with a steady hand and earned the nickname "Voronwë", which means "the Steadfast" in Quenya
China said many countries had compromised to complete the treaty and that the issue of a disarmament schedule could be discussed in future negotiations .
TORONTO 1996-08-22
Both Seregon and Aeglos grew there, and Seregon mantled the stone
Netanyahu has made closure of the three offices a condition for resuming peace negotiations with the Palestine Liberation Organisation ( PLO ) .
Salim Malik 3 5 2 195 100no 65.00
The name Ilmarin means "Mansion of the High Airs" in Quenya
It was said of him that: "Here indeed was one who had elven-blood in his veins" and "If Gondor has such men still in these days of fading, great must have been its glory in the days of its rising." During the War of the Ring, on March 9, TA 3019, Prince Imrahil led a company of Swan Knights and 700 men at arms to Minas Tirith to help defend the city
Only one safe haven remains for the free peoples of Middle-earth: Rivendell
Helcar (also spelled Helkar) was the name of a great pillar or tower upon which the mighty lamp Illuin sat
Lairë was the Quenya name for the season in the Calendar of Imladris which corresponds with summer
Ardalambion is a comprehensive website founded and run by Helge Kåre Fauskanger, serving as a library of J.R.R. Tolkiens constructed languages and of navigation to courses teaching them
But when Smaug is killed by the Black Arrow shot by Bard, the Master, his boat, and everyone on it (except Alfrid, who was abandoned shortly before that) are crushed to death under the weight of the dragons dead body
Hailing from Westfold, he was one of King Théodens commanders
2. Fernanda Ribeiro ( Portugal ) 14:49.81
As time went on, Númenor continued to grow in wealth and might, yet its peoples bliss was diminished
At the apex of Barad-dûr, the Eye was a flaming, visible, though perhaps not tangible presence during the events of "The Lord of the Rings", made clear when it appeared through a window when clouds parted in Mordor
The bow is not mentioned during Bregors lifetime, but is elsewhere said to be an heirloom of the House of Bëor and to have been preserved in Númenor by the royal family along with Dramborleg and the Ring of Barahir
Serka, born as Jagai, was originally from Umbar, and born to parents of Haradrim descent
The name Oropher probably means "Tall beech-tree" from "oro" ("up, rise, high")
They described it as being a darkness in the shape of a monstrous bird
2. Anthony Washington ( U.S. ) 66.72
If the Dourhands took the city then they could keep the Longbeards and the Elves from making any sort of alliance and would cause both Durins Folk and the Elves to be weak against the combined might of Skorgrims new hoard
"Fanuidhol" is a Sindarin name with "fanui-" meaning [Cloudy], and "-dhol meaning [helm]
SWIMMING - POPOV IN `SERIOUS CONDITION ' AFTER STABBING .
In June 3018, however, a detachment of Saurons forces, led by the Nazgûl, again took the east bank, and the defenders, led by Boromir and Faramir, were forced to retreat, destroying the last bridge
He gives them the Arkenstone in hope it will make peace with the Dwarves
" The 13-year-old girl tried to extract 60 and 70 zlotys ( $ 22 and $ 26 ) from two residents of Sierakowice by threatening to take their lives , " a police spokesman said in the nearby northern city of Gdansk on Thursday .
At the plain of Dagorlad, the host met the army of Sauron, and a great battle took place, with even birds and beasts fighting upon both sides
TOKYO 1996-08-26
He said a male teenager sleeping upstairs reportedly heard the commotion and came downstairs and confronted White , who allegedly stabbed him more than once .
When the Dark Lord had fallen, Celeborn led his army out of Lórien, and crossed the Anduin
( Slovakia ) 7-6 ( 7-4 ) 6-2
6. Eric Thomas ( U.S. ) 49.35
BRUSSELS 1996-08-28
Tom was upset that the troll would take the bone without asking first, for the shin of his fathers kin
Goosen ( South Africa ) 71 74 , Ove Sellberg ( Sweden ) 71 74 ,
Heerenveen 2 ( Wouden 53rd , Dahl Tomasson 74th ) Ajax Amsterdam
However, Valarin was developed as part of their assumption of physical forms
4. Dionne Rose ( Jamaica ) 12.88
The story line was inspired by Tolkiens own vehicular mishaps with his first automobile
Snow-trolls are mentioned only once in Tolkiens works, in reference to Helm Hammerhand stalking his enemies "like a snow-troll" during his sorties against the Dunlendings in the Long Winter
What race or manner of being Tû was is unknown; he was described a great magician and a being of power, benevolent but testy, and afterwards came to have great hatred of Men for the deeds they did to his Elves
After Parnevik started off his round by parring the first hole and bogeying the second , the Swede birdied six of the next seven holes .
A gang of thieves in eastern Nigeria paid a police corporal to carry off eight air conditioners they had just stolen , the national news agency reported on Friday .
For safekeeping, Elrond was given the heirlooms of the House of Isildur: the shards of Narsil, the Elendilmir, the Sceptre of Annúminas, and later the Ring of Barahir, ransomed from the Lossoth
Both Dark Lords were very influential in the history of Middle-earth, waging numerous wars against the Valar, the Elves, and a few select groups of Men
For example deducing a full working pronominal system based on Primitive Quendian evidence or a probable conjugation system for Sindarin verbs or using Noldorin of "The Etymologies" to create Sindarin forms
LONDON 1996-08-23
The West African state of Guinea declared Thursday and Friday days of national prayer .
Whatever is left of his time (notwithstanding errands) had been involved by a urgent endeavor to bring "The Ring" to a suitable delay, Frodos catch, before he was obliged to perform looking at
According to the chieftain of Harrowdale, a fellbeast flew over Edoras and stooped just over Meduseld
4. Erik Zabel ( Germany ) Telekom
By the next day, March 3 of TA 3019, this remnant was utterly destroyed by Treebeard, Pippin, Merry, and the Ent host, save for an unknown number of Dunlendings who surrendered to the victors
Rubin 's misfortune turned into a very lucky break for eighth-seeded Olympic champion Lindsay Davenport .
LONDON 1996-08-22
WARSAW 1996-08-24
ANKARA 1996-08-27
Domingos redeemed himself by netting the equaliser just into extra time .
Maglor is a Sindarin rendering of his Quenya mother-name
Guillaume Raoux ( France ) beat Filip Dewulf ( Belgium ) 7-6 ( 7-5 ) 3-6 1-6 6-4 7-5
Every Dwarf is naturally strong and skilled with tools—the tools of war are no exception
The entrance looks far too dangerous (it is the gate that Smaug uses), so the Company decides to search out the secret door described on their map, which is on the west side of the mountain
6. Claus Manne Nielsen ( Denmark ) KTM
England first innings
Diana 's office said on Saturday the princess had sent a message to the Nobel Peace Prize-winning missionary as news broke this week of her battle against heart problems and malaria .
( Germany ) GT2 Roock Porsche 911 164
It was not clear if they were the same five spy rings , allegedly led by Turkish diplomats , that Iran said in April it had broken up in the same area , which borders Turkey .
Aragorn summoned the Dead Men of Dunharrow to destroy the Corsairs, freeing forces in the south of Gondor to come to the aid of Minas Tirith
Fastest lap : Aoki 147.786 kph
After serving in the United States Army during World War II, he began realizing his passion for music as a distributor for Granzs Jazz Record company, a job that included managing concert tours for greats like and
The tribe rushed to their aid and declared their union with the banner of the Witch-king, led by the Fifth of the Nine
De Kock , 48 , a former police colonel who commanded a hit-squad that wiped out opponents of apartheid , is the most senior servant of white rule yet to face justice .
The man was due to catch a flight to Nuku'alofa in Tonga later on Tuesday .
Initially Poland offered up to 75 percent of Ruch but in March Kaczmarek cancelled the tender and offered a minority stake with an option to increase the equity .
While there, Azog dispatches his son Bolg to take his place in hunting Thorin and his company
Weapons are tools and objects designed for hunting or combat
Angmar has almost completely dominated Arnor, but Fornost still remains to be taken
When she died, her people raised a green mound for her in the heights of the forest - named "Tûr Haretha", the Ladybarrow, or "Haudh-en-Arwen" in Sindarin
This weakness was exploited in the Battle of the Hornburg by Saruman, who had his Uruks warriors set an explosive "fire" in the culvert to sufficiently penetrate and breach the Wall, forcing the Rohirrim to withdraw to the keep
The name Arantar means "Royal High One" in Quenya
Cheung Siu Man , 40 , was arrested late on Wednesday after police searched a house and found heroin in bags and hidden in hollow spaces in wooden planks , police said .
With the first raising of the Sun in the West, Men awoke in Hildórien
Before doing so, he entrusted his son, Elendil with the task of preparing a fleet of ships to depart to Middle-earth to escape the coming darkness
Though the name has unknown meaning, it consists of the Sindarin word "moth" ("dusk")
With them he fostered distrust among Men and Elves and kept them spying on each other so that the two races would not combine against him
New Zealand - Tries : Scott McLeod , Glen Osborne .
Palestinians to strike over Jerusalem demolition .
Tapie 's lawyer has said he intends to appeal to the European Court of Human Rights in an effort to prevent or delay the loss of his European seat .
Election day for those living inside Bosnia is September 14 .
that has produced and distributed film and TV since 2010
Gimli thought it was Cram until he tasted it and found that it was sweet and pleasant, unlike Cram
The combined force overwhelmed the Wainriders army at the Second Battle of Dagorlad
The surviving refugees seek shelter in the ruins of Dale, and are bolstered by the arrival of Thranduil, who brings provisions alongside his army
The Men of the mountain swore an oath to Gondor and Isildur, the King of Gondor in those days
The Elves who had refused the summons of the Valar or did not complete the Great Journey to Valinor were named instead Moriquendi, or "Dark Elves" (those who had not seen the Light)
The Red Arrow was presented to Théoden by Hirgon in the War of the Ring, who was later found dead near the Pelennor Fields, still clutching the arrow
The detective said details were sketchy , but two of the teenagers were reportedly downstairs watching television when White allegedly entered the house and told the girls to take off their clothes .
His mother-name was Ardamírë, "Arda-jewel", from the Quenya term "mírë" ("jewel")
-- Moscow Newsroom +7095 941 8520
Gandalf reads Frodos mind and memory in Rivendell, and later communicates with Elrond and Galadriel speaking aloud
( Legia Warsaw ) , Ryszard Wieczorek ( Odra Wodzislaw )
Ten people gunned down in northwest Colombia .
Mehrtens played in the last TriNations test in Cape Town but missed the first two tests in the current series after tearing a cartilage in his knee while training , an injury which needed a small operation .
Tol Fuin was the largest; Tol Morwen and Tol Himling were relatively smaller
Morgoth shortly after his return to Middle-earth with the Silmarils of Fëanor
Jago was the eldest child of Hugo Boffin and Donnamira Took
The next day he came to the River-woman and asked Goldberry to be his wife, and the creatures of the Old Forest (the badger-folk and other animals) attended their wedding
Portsmouth : Middlesex 199 and 426 ( J. Pooley 111 , M. Ramprakash 108 , M. Gatting 83 ) , Hampshire 232 and 109-5 .
It said violations included constructing observation posts , installing mortars and anti-aircraft cannons , setting up tents , penetrating Iranian territory , and firing rifle grenades towards Iranian territory .
Afterwards, four main continents were created: Aman in the far west, Middle-earth in the middle and far south, and Land of the Sun in the far east
Nandor is the Quenya term, meaning those who turn back
Another possible explanation is the line in "The Return of the King" where the Witch-king says "Do not come between the Nazgûl and his prey" referring to himself, but shortly before, his mount had appeared to try to eat Théodens horse. Tolkien did not use fellbeast as a proper name, merely describing the beasts as "fell." Fell, a Middle English adjective (from the Old French "fel" "cruel, dreadful") has come to mean, in Modern English, "ferocious, fierce, terrible, cruel, dreadful", and implies an underlying malevolence or hostility that make the noun described all the worse for the ill-will that drives its suddenness and intensity
Scores : England 326 and 242 ; Pakistan 521-8 declared and 48-1 .
The éoherë rode southward through the Vales of the Anduin - a journey of over 500 miles
PARIS 1996-08-27
Ciryaturs forces drove Saurons army back from the Grey Havens and then pursued him to Tharbad, where further Númenórean forces helped defeat Sauron at the Battle of the Gwathló
Christian Springer put St Pauli back in touch in the 64th minute and three minutes later they were level , thanks to a penalty from Thomas Sabotzik .
Isildur had three ships of his own, and he brought aboard the seedling of the White Tree, the Stone of Erech, as well as his wife and his son Elendur, who had been born in SA 3299
INGOLSTADT 1996-08-29
"Ramdal" is a Sindarin name that means "walls foot", which implies "walls end"
Concern that he might be steamrollered by the vastly more experienced Republican leader Bob Dole was dispelled when he showed a tough edge , outmaneuvering Dole in a wrangle over scrapping a gas tax and raising the federal minimum wage .
8. Natalia Voronova ( Russia ) 11.28
Three Afghan guards brought to the United Arab Emirates last week by Russian hostages who escaped from the Taleban militia will return to Afghanistan in a few days , the Afghan embassy in Abu Dhabi said on Thursday .
Its own quarries came under attack after it emerged that it may be a supplier for the Newbury bypass .
Kapil Dev ( India ) 434 wickets , 131 Tests
It was the second successive year in which Mayfair has finished runner up in this tournament .
Frodo escapes by using the Ring, but is almost seen by Sauron, before removing it
President Bill Clinton was formally nominated on Wednesday as the Democratic party candidate for a second four-year term in the White House .
During his time, the Elven-tongues were no longer used or taught to children, and the ships from Tol Eressëa came rarely
A three-time Pro Bowl selection , Cunningham rushed for 4,482 yards on 677 carries .
CRICKET - GIBBS GETS INTERNATIONAL CALL UP .
Rhudaur was now absorbed by Angmar and populated by evil men subject to the Witch-king
Mûmakil (known in Westron as Oliphaunts) were large creatures resembling elephants, often used in battle by the Haradrim
They lived near the Mewlips because they would eat the scraps of meat left by the Mewlips
Thranduil, Gandalf, and most of the Elven army also head for the city, but many are killed on the way and Thranduil himself is dismounted and surrounded by enemies
Murgash retreated and survived the onslaught as the Orcs soon gained the upper hand again with the arrival of the Mûmakil and Haradrim to aide them
Edith Bratt was born in Wolverhampton, Staffordshire
In TA 2940, Gandalf - a member of the White Council - stumbled upon men carrying a message promising payment for the head of the Dwarven exilarch Thorin Oakenshield, who was abroad nearby at the time
His 170 against the MCC was an innings of supreme class against the best bowling attack we faced all tour , " Woolmer told a news conference .
What happened when Bilbo flew out the door and onto the road without even a pocket-handkerchief? Beneath this unexpected adventure are the timeless truths of God`s protection and sovereignty
Thorin, overwhelmed by greed after recovering his familys riches, and enraged by the presence of Thranduil, refused to share any part of the treasure
Ines Gorrochategui ( Argentina ) beat Aleksandra Olsza ( Poland ) 6 - 1 6-1
Another name, perhaps Adûnaic, of uncertain meaning was Avaltiri that contains the root "Avalô", the Adûnaic name for the Valar
MILWAUKEE , Wisconsin 1996-08-29
In the poem Errantry, a hobbit rhyme made by Bilbo based loosely on the the legends of Eärendil, there is reference to the archipelagos where yellow marigolds grow, and where countless silver fountains are, and mountains are of fairy-gold
4. Den Bakker 7
As the Fellowship of the Ring took the One Ring east from Rivendell, Sarumans forces increased their attacks upon Rohan, in addition to his intensified hunt for the Ring
" We are certainly serious more than before to find a solution to the Afghan problem and support every U.N. plan , " Amrollah quoted Rohrabacher as saying .
of Japanese rider Noriyuki Haga for using an illegal carburettor
" Multi-layers kept management at a distance from its customers , " O'Neal said .
It was held by an iron handgrip that was behind a brass circular boss surrounded by a diamond shape that was itself enveloped by the square
It was also the only site in Middle-earth where mithril could be mined
In the years of the Second Age before the Númenóreans settled in Middle-earth, these tribal Hill-men inhabited the lands west and south of the Misty Mountains, as far down as the valleys surrounding the White Mountains
The express passenger train travelling from Steyr , southeast of Linz , with around 80 people on board , hit the back of a service locomotive used to shunt wagons into sidings .
Amr Shabana ( Egypt ) beat John White ( Australia ) 10-15 15-9
Rammas Echor is Sindarin for Great wall or Great wall circle
These terms seem to be symbolic - "white" for the powers of good, but "red" or "black" for Sauron and his servants
Hashimoto , who arrived at 11 a.m. ( 1700 GMT ) , showed no sign of having felt the quake , witnesses said .
The strength of the Elven kingdoms, and that of their Edain allies, became such that Fingolfin, High King of the Ñoldor, even began to toy with the idea of assaulting Angband itself
With the aid of Ruffians in the pay of Saruman, Lotho quickly took control of the Shire
BRUSSELS 1996-08-24
He was able to light a faggot of wet wood simply with a touch of his staff, which he considered distinctive enough that any onlooker would recognize his handiwork
The House of the Hammer of Wrath was one of the Twelve Houses of the Elven city of Gondolin
Arassuil is a Sindarin name that meant royal-? Arathorn I was the twelfth Chieftain of the Dúnedain
The name Arveleg means "Mighty-king", from the Sindarin words "ar(a)" ("royal, noble, high") and "beleg" ("mighty, strong")
COLOMBO 1996-08-28
The Quest for the Silmaril was a quest undertaken by Beren Erchamion to obtain a Silmaril from Morgoths Iron Crown
With Takeda out of the race , Kocinski regained second place but he could not overtake Aoki .
26. Ukraine 8.09
" Bolesy ( Florida manager John Boles ) told me yesterday , ' You have to go nine tomorrow , ' " Brown said .
CINCINNATI AT FLORIDA ( doubleheader )
In the province of Stonedeans ruled by Reeve Herubrand they receive the word of a large raiding party of Dunlendings loyal to Saruman that had come from the mountains
SOCCER - ENGLAND BEAT MOLDOVA IN UNDER-21 QUALIFIER .
6. Jans Koerts ( Netherlands ) Palmans
In the Battle of Dagorlad, Orophers company fought valiantly, but he was slain with the greater part of his people when he, with King Amdír and his warriors, called an early charge upon the enemy without orders from the Ñoldorin High-king Gil-galad
The question of whether Perry should resign remained open , the Pennsylvania Republican said .
7. Jean Alesi ( France ) Benetton 1:52.354
Scorer : Salou Bachirou ( 53rd minute )
As their home of Rhovanion had been occupied in the century before, at this time the remaining Free Northmen lived in the plains south of Mirkwood and came to be called the Éothéod
Murgash later accompanied Guritz to the Harlond to greet the late arriving Corsairs of Umbar who were supposedly arriving to aid them, and yelled at the pirates for their being later
Amsterdam-Rotterdam-Antwerp oil stock levels fall .
In "Unfinished Tales", one of the footnotes to the story "Of Tuor and his Coming to Gondolin" mentions that the sword of Turgon was "...white and gold...in a ruel-bone (ivory) sheath..." While Glamdring is not mentioned by name, it is reasonable to assume that the same sword is described
It was guarded by the Tower of Cirith Ungol, which was built by the Men of Gondor after the War of the Last Alliance was fought
The utilization rate for rigs working in the Gulf , based on a total fleet of 181 , was 89.5 percent .
Add Men 's singles , second round 16 - Cedric Pioline ( France ) beat Roberto Carretero ( Spain ) 4-6 6 - 2 6-2 6-1 Alex Corretja ( Spain ) beat Filippo Veglio ( Switzerland ) 6-7 ( 4- 7 ) 6-4 6-4 6-0
Arafat had earlier blasted Israel saying its policies amounted to a declaration of war against the Palestinian people .
Result : Australia won by 125 runs .
Among his works were the knife Angrist, the sword Narsil (later reforged as Andúril), and the Dragon-helm of Dor-lómin, worn eventually by Túrin Turambar
NEW YORK 1996-08-31
In earlier versions laid out in "The History of Middle-earth", J.R.R. Tolkien wrote that when the great Two Trees of Valinor were destroyed, Vána fell into inconsolable grief for her great love for the golden tree Laurelin
In Kansas City , Jose Offerman 's single with two out in the 12th inning scored Johnny Damon with the winning run and lifted the Kansas City Royals to a 4-3 victory over the Texas Rangers .
This was divided into 8766 six-day "weeks", or "enquier"
Aldarion became known as the Great Captain, and founded the Guild of Venturers in Númenor
6. Michael Marsh ( U.S. ) 20.43
Tolfalas was a Sindarin word that meant coastal island
There they seal they alliance with the Gnomes at a "Feast of Reunion", and after that they fought together at Gorfalong in the Battle of Unnumbered Tears against Melko and his host of monsters and wicked Men
Around the Great Gate of Minas Tirith was set up an expanse of tents and campsites; soldiers, nobles, and common folk from throughout of Middle-earth were present
-- William Boston , CeBIT newsroom , 0172 6736510
A quick penalty from Van der Westhuizen five metres from the All Black line set up the third try for Venter five minutes later and when Joubert kicked his third penalty the Springboks held an unassailable 32-8 lead going into the last quarter .
NEW YORK 1996-08-29
The terrain consisted of scattered woodlands on undulating lowlands
The government says more than 50,000 people have died in the ethnic war , now in its 14th year .
The statement said the PUK resumed its attack on Monday morning on KDP positions near Rawandouz and indiscriminately shelled the town of Dayana , killing a priest and injuring some civilians .
Quite the contrary , Burundi has seen economic war declared against it by fellow African people ... a gratuitous immolation of the people of Burundi . "
At the Sign of the Prancing Pony is the ninth chapter of Book One of "The Fellowship of the Ring"
Wilyadors size and feathers keep him mostly safe from the weather and attacks from enemies, except from deadly archers with poisoned weapons
Faction leaders who agreed a new peace deal in the Nigerian capital Abuja on Saturday have accused each other of breaking the ceasefire .
The Narog was the chief river of West Beleriand, the largest tributary of the river Sirion
-- Paris newsroom +331 4221 5452
3. Juliet Cuthbert ( Jamaica ) 22.77
The Earth-kin are not from works of J.R.R. Tolkien, and were invented for the game "The Lord of the Rings Online"
The Solosimpi refuse, and the Noldoli come to the harbors and pilot the ships by force
" In the irritation , in the jokes , in the anger that white South Africans express about the commission , I think there 's a moral uneasiness , and I think that 's healthy .
He trained in South Africa as a pilot but eyesight problems forced him to drop out
This caused some excitement among fans, who were awaiting "The Lord of the Rings" movies and was also slightly controversial for a few design decisions
Out on the plain, Dáin along with the Dwarvish and Elvish forces found themselves caught in a deadly battle of attrition; the numerical advantage of the Orcs was proving more decisive than the superior soldiery skills of the allied forces
Co-Premiers Prince Norodom Ranariddh and Hun Sen agreed earlier this week to the king 's request for an amnesty .
He said his government had just asked U.N. human rights monitors to increase their numbers in Burundi in an effort " to put an end to this vicious circle of violence . "
Under Folcwine, one Éored was made up of 120 riders including their captain
7. Samson Kitur ( Kenya ) 45.34
-- Gilbert Le Gras 204 947 3548
The Elves of Mirkwood stayed just a short time to receive their share of the treasure before returning to their forest homeland
Ithilien is a Sindarin word meaning Moon-land
After that they disappeared and everything about them was the subject of rumor and conjecture, being remembered only in the songs of Men and Elves
July 3-7 Third test ( at Old Trafford , Manchester )
In an earlier version of the legendarium Aulë was the first to make ships shaped like swans
Denethor was voiced by in the 1980 Rankin/Bass animated adaptation of "The Return of the King"
The leader of a junior partner in Japan 's three-party ruling coalition plans to resign to quell a political rebellion , party officials said on Wednesday .
1. Colonna three hours 42 mins 55 seconds
Eldalótë was a Ñoldorin Elf, likely born in Aman
Two versions of their tongue can be distinguished: The Elvish name for Ents is "Onodrim", singular "Onod". Tolkien later noted that the Destruction of Isengard by the Ents was based on his disappointment in Macbeth; when "Birnham Wood is come to castle Dunsinane", Tolkien was less than thrilled that it amounted to men walking on stage with leaves in their hats
In works such as "The Annals of Aman", Tolkien measures the First Age with Years of the Valar (YV) and then Years of the Sun (YS)
In fact, Tolkien wanted it to sound much like Hebrew, and noted that both Jews and his Dwarves were "once natives and aliens in their habitations, speaking the languages of the country, but with an accent due to their own private tongue"
Imladris is a Sindarin term which means "deep valley of the cleft": from "imlad" ("glen, deep valley") and "rist" ("cleft") or "riss" ("ravine")
The treasure was divided among Elves and Men, and Thranduil received the Emeralds of Girion
Known as a source (among others) for the First Age character Túrin Turambar, Kullervo was the center of Tolkiens efforts in 1914, as he was "trying to turn one of the stories [of the "Kalevala"] — which is really a very great story and most tragic – into a short story"
In July 2005, EA was granted the rights to develop games based on the books, alongside the separate agreement for games based on the New Line Cinema films
Bergil also kept Merry company while the Captains of the West led their men off to the Black Gate and then escorted him back to the Houses of Healing
It was distributed to reporters at the press centre of Clinton 's Democratic convention headquarters just hours before the president was to address the delegates accepting the party 's nomination for a second four-year term in the White House .
(In "The Notion Club Papers", part of "Sauron Defeated", Arundel Lowdham cited two descendants of classical Adûnaic
Ungoliant came here shortly after her former master was defeated and imprisoned by the Valar
Then, with the Elder Kings approval, he released them to Middle-earth to begin their second life there as mortal beings with no certitude of life
Arkansas has been spared the loss of predominantly black churches to arson , a wave that has claimed an estimated 30 houses of worship across the south in the past several months .
But Saurons army was greater than their combined forces and Eregion soon fell
Mathom was the hobbit term for anything they had no use for but were unwilling to discard
The Ñoldor found themselves trapped, and Finrod would have been killed or taken but for a sortie by Barahir and his men, who descended from Dorthonion and rescued the Elven king
After capturing an outpost for extra resources, Gorkil and his army destroy the outer battle towers and Mirkwood Archers that guard Rivendells front gate
CAIRO 1996-08-27
2. Natalya Torshina ( Kazakhstan ) 55.99
Mike Hulbert , Brian Henninger , Tiger Woods , Steve Jurgenson ,
They crafted many famed weapons, armors, and items of art and beauty, among them Narsil, the sword of Elendil, the Dragon-helm of Dor-lómin and the Nauglamír necklace
Gil-galad and Elendil formed the Last Alliance of Elves and Men to oppose Sauron in SA 3430
Caen 1 Lyon 1
The making of the Sun by the Valar, after the destruction of the Two Trees, was dependent on the dew left in Silindrin
Sarn Athrad was lost with the sinking of Beleriand at the end of the First Age
CHARLESTON , S.C. 1996-08-29
But Isengard’s eastern army had now engaged the Rohirrim on the eastern shore, and attacked with Wargs, followed by two battalions of Orcs
Netanyahu , Weizman consult on Arafat invitation .
Gold was present in the deeps of Arda since its creation by Eru
Thorin is buried with the Arkenstone and his sword Orcrist, and Bilbo soon heads home with two small chests of treasure
Tarn Aeluin was Sindarin for Blue-mere
Troll-hole is the fourth level in Sierra Entertainments 2003 video game "The Hobbit"
He then tells Bolg to travel to Mount Gundabad and prepare a second Orc army for war along with swarms of Bats
The name Eärendur is a Quenya word meaning Sea-servant or Servant of the Sea
Hwaldar managed to gather the men of Rhudaur and they stood against the Elves allowing the Witch-king and the main army to reach the second level
Witnesses said most shops were closed in towns and villages in the areas , with the exception of Hebron , a West Bank city still under Israeli occupation .
Fëa and Hröa, "fëar" and "hröar" in plural forms, are Quenya words for "soul" (or "spirit") and "body"
Related creatures which may or may not have a connection to that realm are Barrow-wights and the Dead Men of Dunharrow
" There is no market at the moment , " one Rotterdam trader said . "
Around 40,000 tonnes of the copper have already been moved to warehouses near the northern port of Yingkou , where some of the strategic stockpile was stored , they said .
Eärnil was commander of Gondors southern army and guarded Ithilien
" We change lanes all the time in Barcelona .
Saturday ( tabulate by driver , country , chassis , motor and lap
Men of Gondor called an Oliphaunt a mûmak (plural "mûmakil")
Malach Aradan married Zimrahin, a woman from his people who was later given a Sindarin name "Meldis"
Bilbo passes by the shards of Narsil and the altar they were laid upon, and takes a brief moment to examine the fresco that shows Isildur raising the hilt of the broken sword against Sauron, of which Bilbos attention is drawn towards the One Ring on Saurons hand
It plays when Bilbo Baggins runs towards Gandalf and the Dwarves who have departed from Hobbiton
Much later in the Third Age, the Redhorn Pass was used by Stoors migrating from the Vales of Anduin to Eriador around TA 1150
It was the fourth tournament title this year for Mickelson , who shot an even-par 70 , after being tied for the lead with Billy Mayfair with three holes to play .
When the treacherous Easterlings invaded Hithlum as payment for fighting on Morgoths side in the Nírnaeth Arnoediad, Aerin was cruelly seized by Brodda
Rafael Palmeiro 's two-out single in the sixth inning scored Roberto Alomar with the go-ahead run as the Baltimore Orioles rallied past the California Angels 5-4 and took over the American League 's wild-card berth on Saturday .
They initiated a plan to revive Skorgrim with the help of sorcery and were ultimately successful but a party led by Dwalin was able to defeat them afterwards, killing Gormr and kicking the Dourhands out of Thorins Halls and surrounding regions
Fréaláf successfully drove out the remaining Dunlendings before the year was ended, finally receiving aid from Gondor, which had defeated the Corsairs, and Fréaláf became King
The London bourse drew little help from the unsettled morning on Wall Street , which slipped in and out of positive ground after a stronger-than-expected August consumer confidence report refuelled inflation fears , pulling U.S. Treasuries back from their early peaks .
Andrea Ferrigato of Italy sprinted to his second cycling World Cup win in successive weekends with victory in the Swiss Grand Prix on Sunday .
They were informed by Roäc, an old raven of the mountain, of Smaugs death in Lake-town, but quickly the Dwarves mirth was dampened by the news that the surviving Men of Lake-town and the Elven-kings army were marching to the mountain to reclaim their wealth
The Black Gate was built by Sauron during the Second Age with the power of the One Ring to seal the pass
Baltimore Orioles manager Davey Johnson will miss Thursday night 's game against the Seattle Mariners after being admitted to a hospital with an irregular heartbeat .
PARIS 1996-08-27
There, from a camp set up near the hidden lake of Tarn Aeluin he and his men lived as outlaws, Barahir and his twelve outlaw-men harried those who would seek to undo all that was good in Dorthonion
SOCCER - BALL RESIGNS AS MANCHESTER CITY MANAGER .
Fighting their way through the undead they reach the tomb of Fram
When Gondor calls for aid, Théoden dispatches Gamling as one of his messengers to gather men to Dunharrow
His love for crafts took him to Eregion, where he was introduced to a precious metal which he called mithril
Gondor was being threatened by Men from Rhûn called the Balchoth, and Cirion sought Eorls help in defeating them
NEW YORK AT LOS ANGELES
World number one Pete Sampras , seeking his first Grand Slam title of the year , and women 's top seed Steffi Graf , aiming for her third , should be able to ease into the year 's final major , which begins on Monday .
In 2980 of the Third Age, in Lórien, Aragorn gave the ring to Arwen Undómiel at their betrothal
Rohirric was not oft spoken by him, and Westron remained a common tongue at the court of his son and heir Théoden
Fleming 8-1-26-3 , Gillespie 6-0-27-0 , M. Waugh 5-0-29-0 , Lehmann
SOCCER - SWEDEN BEAT LATVIA IN EUROPEAN UNDER-21 QUALIFIER .
Sometime before the War of the Ring, he was one of the Dwarves who participated in Dwalins expedition to the Dourhands lands, south of Thorins Halls
The pro-reform stance of some of the party leadership initially caused a storm and triggered the resignation last month of the party 's Secretary-General Gramoz Ruci .
The Captain of the Kings Ships was a title given to the chief captain of Númenors navies
Once in Rivendell, Elrond recognized Orcrist as one from Gondolin, and Thorin promised to honor the sword
He along with his father left the Lonely Mountain for the Ered Mithrin in TA 2210, which became the seat of Durins Folk for many years afterward
Lebed interrupted talks with Chechnya 's separatists on a political deal on Sunday , saying he had to consult with Yeltsin .
Fingolfins father-name was Ñolofinwë, meaning "Wise Finwë" from the Quenya "ngolod" ("wise")
Guinea launches war on fictitious civil servants .
Massachusetts home sales dip in July - report .
3. Vasily Kaptyukh ( Belarus ) 66.24
Saeed Anwar c Croft b Cork 176
In the fictitious history of Middle-earth, the tongues of the Elves are separated as part of the speakers emigrate to Aman while others stay behind, leading to a split of Quenya (High-Elvish, or "Elf-Latin") and Sindarin
With only the group seven winners qualifying automatically for the 1998 finals in France , Belgium could not afford a slip-up at home and they frantically chased a decisive third goal .
Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman said the department was monitoring reports of aflatoxin found in corn in parts of Texas .
6. Juergen Schult ( Germany ) 64.46
Proponents of the plan discount the worries of the U.S. growers and say the plan has enough safeguards built into it to eliminate any significant threat to American producers .
In the original Barahir was originally a Gnome, an Elf
The girl was being held on the boat and had sought help from a passer-by , police chief inspector Ilkka Laasonen said .
But Christie did not announce his decision to run until the eve of the meeting when organisers also confirmed Johnson would take part .
-- Jerry Bieszk 312-408-8725
He then draws Orcrist to battle Bolg once more, but ultimately sacrifices Orcrist to save Thorins life, throwing it from afar, into the chest of the Orc who nearly killed Thorin, high up on the frozen waterfall
In the extended edition of "The Battle of the Five Armies", a company of forty Gundabad Wargs, including between fifteen and twenty Warg riders, are part of Azogs massive army and also participate in the final battle outside the city of Dale and the Dwarven Kingdom of Erebor
Bard eventually runs out of arrows and his son, Bain comes up with the Black Arrow
Oggha the skull-basher was an Orc in the army of Gothmog
This part of Númenor was best known for its extensive tree plantations most of which were used as timber for the building of the great ships of the mariners of Númenor
The name Forlindon possibly means "North Lindon", from the Quenya word "formen" and Sindarin words "for, forn, forod" ("north") and Lindon
Mordors dry and blasted geography would also be extremely unfriendly to any army bivouacked on the plains, forcing a withdrawal within days (unless they have stores sufficient for months)
Although Valandil was by right High King of Arnor and Gondor, Valandil never made an attempt to assert suzerainty over his cousin Meneldil in Gondor and thus the two realms were sundered
The Laiquendi can be traced to the Telerin Elves of the host of Olwë, who coming upon the Great River Anduin and seeing the seemingly impassable peaks of the Misty Mountains, forsook the westward journey and became a separated people
Corsica has been racked by low-level separatist-inspired violence , principally directed against government targets , for two decades .
He said a document would be completed in an hour 's time for signature by the two sides , who were working on a " day-by-day schedule to stop the war in Chechnya . "
Because in lore the Dwarves dont use their own language with the outsiders, Khuzdul is very poorly attested throughout Tolkiens writings
Twenty-three out of 25 charters flying illegal immigrants home since Prime Minister Alain Juppe 's government took office in May 1995 have been civilian jets .
Japan 's Agriculture Ministry also announced that it will compile hygiene guidelines based on U.S. government methods of checking the safety of farm produce to prevent another outbreak of the epidemic .
Rohan, or the Riddermark (Rohirric), was a great kingdom of Men located in the land once known as Calenardhon, situated in the plains between the Misty Mountains and the White Mountains
His proposals have not been spelled out but are expected to involve a compromise between the separatists ' demand for independence and Moscow 's insistence that Chechnya remain part of the Russian Federation .
1836 - Scottish politician Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman born .
Daniel Nestor ( Canada ) beat 1 - Thomas Muster ( Austria ) 6-3 7-5
Heroes have characteristics which set them apart from the Warriors they lead, and can be named or unnamed characters: Aragorn, Frodo, Captains, etc
For Thingol, the King of Doriath, eventually learned of the Kinslaying, the burning of the ships at Losgar, and the curse of Mandos
"Middle Men" was a term used by the Númenóreans to describe Men of Middle-earth related to the Edain, the ancestors of the Númenóreans themselves
The detention of veteran dissident Wang Donghai showed China 's determination to crush any vestige of dissent during the current profound transitions in the nation 's leadership , a human rights activist said on Saturday .
BELGRADE 1996-08-23
Wing Pieter Hendriks is expected to retain his place , following speculation that Snyman would be picked out of position on the wing .
Eventually, Melkor sought out Ungoliant in order to exact his revenge against the Valar and the Elves
In interviews, J.R.R.Tolkien revealed he was a scholar of Old English and European History and was influenced by these cultures, languages and histories
LONDON 1996-08-25
So different were the early versions of the Dwarves in Tolkiens early writings that he ended up replacing the Nauglath with the Petty-dwarves, to distinguish the people of Mîm from Durins Folk and their peers, the kindred of the Seven Houses of the dwarves
Combining the fury of the Angmar army and deadly Angmar ice powers, the Witch-King slowly wears down the fortress one building at a time
This caused the activity of the forum to rocket sky high, with moderator elections storming to the front page
In an earlier version of the text, the Adûnaic name for the ship was "Aglarrâma"
Following Frodos departure to the Undying Lands it is unknown whether he took Sting with him or left it to Sam, as he did with the Red Book, in which case it would have landed in the possession of the Fairbairns or Gardners
+3 Corey Pavin through 14
73 , Peter Mitchell 74 71 75 , Philip Walton ( Ireland ) 71 74
When these fell and when Denethor IIs son Faramir was brought back severely wounded, the Steward fell into despair and played no further part in the citys defense
15-6 8-15 15-10 7-15 15-12
Belgium bank sanctions $ 6.5 mln loan to India WSRL .
The U.S. diplomat in charge of elections in Bosnia announced on Tuesday that voting for municipal assemblies would be postponed because of irregularities by the Serbs in registering voters .
" Towards the end of my match my stomach felt like week-old sushi , " said Washington . "
This might imply that Beleriand will be recovered after the Dagor Dagorath
His work there left a considerable sum of Khuzdul and Black Speech words Salo had invented for the grammatical need of the context in the film, referred to by fans as "Neo-Khuzdul" and "Neo-Black Speech"
U.S. says still committed to Cuba migration pacts .
Three great calamities struck Gondor during the second millennium of the Third Age, which are held to be the chief reasons for its decline: the Kin-strife, the Great Plague, and the invasion of the Wainriders (a tribe of Easterlings)
He was slain during the skirmish
The cities of Gondor and provinces of Anórien, Ithilien, and Lebennin were mostly settled by the exiled Númenóreans, however in the southern fiefs dwelled many Middle Men of the White Mountains such as those of Lossarnach
" We must obtain a formal commitment from ( Air France chairman ) Christian Blanc that no plane , no personnel be used to transform our air companies into charters of shame , " CFDT spokesman Francois Cabrera said .
A U.S.-led air force has protected Iraqi Kurds against attack from Baghdad since shortly after the Gulf War in 1991 .
The men of Lake-town took Bilbo and the Dwarves to the Great Hall to present the company to the Master and his councilors, and though the Master initially thought to imprison them in order to keep good relations with the wood-elves, he decided against it when the populace proved to be strongly in support of Thorins company
Glamdring was "bright as blue flame for delight in the killing of the" Great Goblin, but that could have referred to its brightness in that situation; everywhere else in J.R.R. Tolkiens writings, Glamdrings color when glowing is always described as white. Etymology
Fimbul later accompanies Yazneg, numerous other Gundabad Orcs and Wargs on an attack on Thorins group but are led astray by Radagast the Brown who uses his rabbit pulled sled to act as a distraction for the Dwarves
In the legendarium, the term "Hobbit" is derived from the Rohirric word "Holbytla", a word which means "Hole-builder"
Paris St Germain 1 ( Loko 33rd ) Nantes 0 .
" The United Kingdom looks forward to the early signature of the treaty , " the statement said .
Isildur met with the King of the Mountain Men, who swore allegiance to Isildur upon the Stone, but later when Isildur called upon the Men of the Mountains to join the fight against Sauron, they refused
With these forces, he was to cover the approaches to Minas Anor
Fortuna Sittard 2 ( Jeffrey 7th , Roest 33rd ) Heerenveen 4
The Easterlings attacked Gondor without warning or reason other then possibly that they coveted the lands of the Dúnedain, or out of some ancient hatred of them
They came across eighteen pairs of Elves watching the stars, and Tata and Enel waited for Imin to claim them for his people, but Imin told them he would wait, so Tata added them to his folk
Sam soon arrived, got past the Two Watchers and went into the tower to rescue Frodo
Eärnur then challenged the Witch-king to single combat, but his horse panicked under the Nazgûls evil power and the Witch-king mocked him, although his laughter turned to flight with the arrival of Glorfindel
Even if Vidugavia was the most powerful of the many Northern princes, it is known that all Northmen were never unified during his period
CRICKET - AUSTRALIA BEAT ZIMBABWE BY 125 RUNS IN ONE-DAY MATCH .
Sindarin and Quenya are often written in the "tengwar" script, which Tolkien especially devised for them, or alternatively in the rune-like "cirth"
AMSTERDAM 1996-08-27
Valarin, or the Eldest Speech, was the divine tongue of the Ainur, and the oldest of languages
Astrids character was created for , and as such is non-canonical
Bilbo laughs, but before long he becomes wary of the treasure and the extent of time they are spending in Smaugs lair
Little is told of his life after the Battle of Five Armies
Last month , Wang , 45 , a veteran dissident of the 1979 Democracy Wall movement , was ordered to serve one year of " re-education through labour " , but released because of poor health .
DIYARBAKIR , Turkey 1996-08-28
He does not seem to have any weapons on him (unless perchance a hidden dagger in his coat)
He boldly declares that Rohan will answer Gondors call for aid once the Beacons of Minas Tirith are lit, and he assembles an army of 6,000 riders to liberate Gondor from Mordors armies
Rhûn, also called The East and Eastlands in the Westron tongue, was a large region in far-eastern Middle-earth
A lot of investment in Hong Kong , some of which ( is ) by China , is predicated on the link continuing . "
One of their greatest features is the Army of the Dead and their great number of Heroes (Aragorn, Boromir, Faramir, Elendil, Isildur, Imrahil, etc.) Rohan: The people of Rohan are excellent horsemen, and their greatest strength is to keep mobile and to maintain the pressure on the enemy’s base
He was the father to Ted Sandyman
" From here we will march to Islamabad and by God we will not let Benazir and ( Bhutto 's husband Asif Ali ) Zardari escape justice , " Nawaz Sharif , leader of the main opposition Pakistan Muslim League told a rally organised by a 16-party alliance .
Uganda 's elimination follows their humiliating 5-1 aggregate defeat by Angola in June 's World Cup qualifying preliminaries .
AMSTERDAM 1996-08-29
They also helped make for them a store of stronger and better weapons that were better able to deal with the Orcs of the north
The joint venture has two motorcycle plants making Xingfu motorcycles and aims to be China 's biggest producer by the year 2000 , with output of two million units .
"Westron" was a translation of the original name Adûni, and "Common Speech" translates the Westron term Sôval Phârë, of identical meaning
Sidhu , whose ban ends on October 14 , will be free to play domestic cricket .
This character appears only in two of a handful of alternative outlines J.R.R. Tolkien wrote concerning the Awakening of Men and the exile Gnomes, which are excluded from the stories in "The Silmarillion"
Khaldoon was a Haradrim war hero that fought in countless battles against Gondor
STOCKHOLM 1996-08-29
Rhudaur itself was the most isolated and inhospitable of the northern kingdoms, and it would seem that a significant number of the Kings subjects were native Hill-men who resented rule by Númenóreans
Swedish band: (Mount Doom) Netherlands band: Carach Angren (Isenmouthe) Silver is a highly reflective grayish-white precious metal found all over Arda
HELSINKI 1996-08-30
Eric Anthony hit a pair of solo homers for the Rockies .
Earlier this year , a German tourist and a Swiss tour guide were kidnapped from the same general area in northern Costa Rica near the Nicaraguan border .
Australia will also play three one-day internationals and
It may be a little more problematic because of cold , wet conditions but we 're on top of it , " the secretary said .
Many Black Númenóreans had fled Umbar from the assault of TA 933, to their subjects in Near Harad, but 82 years later, in a vain attempt to recapture it, they came up with great power against the stronghold. Despite killing King Ciryandil this great power availed the Men of Harad little however, for despite investing and besieging the city of Umbar for 35 years, they failed to take it, its supply being easily maintained "because of the sea-power of Gondor"
"Splintered Light" was first published in hardcover by Wm
The 20-year-old Woods , who turned professional Tuesday after winning an unprecedented third successive U.S. Amateur Championship , struggled on the front nine , bogeying the first and seventh holes and double-bogeying the par-four , 359-yard ninth hole .
Martinez , the 1994 Wimbledon champion , used to struggle at the Open , but has come to terms with the noise , crowds and chaos .
BOSTON 1996-08-29
GOLF - MICKELSON WINS FOURTH TITLE OF YEAR IN AKRON .
8. Sally Boyden ( Britain ) 9
(The latter are descended from the former.) It is not uncommon for names in Tolkiens fiction to have relevant meanings in several languages, both those invented by Tolkien, and "real" ones, but this of course happens with any two languages
Health authorities believe school lunches were the source of the food poisoning in Sakai , but researchers have been unable to pinpoint the exact source of the infection .
In Siauliai : Kareda Siauliai ( Lithuania ) 0 Sion
" Eleven thousand Serbs who came from elsewhere to Doboj will vote there .
The recent appearance of the Sun and Moon had prompted Morgoth to blanket the sky above Angband with nigh-impenetrable clouds of ash and smoke to shield his servants
The treasure was cast into the Ascar, save the Nauglamír, which Beren gave to Lúthien
But he added that new research into the dynamics of the bovine spongiform encephalopathy ( BSE ) , a fatal brain-wasting disease suffered by cattle , was unlikely to alter a slaughter plan agreed by Britain and its 14 EU partners .
SOCCER - DUTCH FIRST DIVISION RESULT .
Isildur organised his retinue into a "Thangail," a shield-wall two men deep and flexible at the flanks; it could be made to back up completely so as to form a defensive ring should the unit be surrounded
10. Mira Kasslin ( Finland ) 37.273
Germany 1 0 0 1 1 6 0
Ulmo had told him that the Elves of Nargothrond shouldnt fight abroad, and instead should stay hidden in their fortress
Seeing the opportunity to attack Rohan while its allies were beset by other foes, Wulf, in alliance with the Easterlings and Corsairs, led a strong force of the Dunlendings out of Isengard and defeated Helms army, driving the king and many of his people to the fortress of Súthburg
Fëanor created the Silmarils in the Years of the Trees during the Noontide of Valinor
Eöl forged a suit of armor out of galvorn to which he wore and kept
But Taha said that the absence of relevent legislations may have resulted in some mistakes by some security officials .
Farmer Giles enjoys his fame, but this enjoyment is short-lived because the dragon Chrysophylax comes to investigate the Middle Kingdom
Despite Bards thanks, he told him that his true purpose for coming was to reclaim a jewel necklace in Thorins possession - the White Gems of Lasgalen, which was revealed much later to be a remembrance of his late wife, who had died at the hands of the Witch-king
The studio released the following statement about Bifur: "Born in the West, Bifur has the rusting remains of an Orc axe embedded in his forehead, which has rendered him inarticulate and occasionally feisty! He communicates only​ with Khuzdul and hand gestures
Hopkins was born as the son of a crayfisherman and he became one himself as well
The full initial crew (producers, writers, and head designers) was revealed in a Facebook video called "Meet our Fellowship" in July 2019
Bilbo killed a few by throwing stones at them and by stabbing them with Sting
Despite the coolish conditions American Olympic champion Gail Devers looked in commanding form in the women 's 100 , clocking 10.89 to defeat Jamaican rival Merlene Ottey , who was second in 10.94 .
BAGHDAD 1996-08-27
The Second Easterling War was a war between Gondor and the Easterlings in the mid-Third Age
It can thus be assumed that a fair amount of their brethren utilized these weapons as well
Bowling : Wasim Akram 15.4-1-67-3 , Waqar Younis 18-3-55-1 ,
At the Slag Hills they were surrounded, and fought the Battle of the Black Gate with less than 6,000 men total, but because of the destruction of the One Ring, they were able to achieve a very decisive victory
Thorins Halls, the realm of Durins Folk in exile, was located in Lindon, west of the Lune
Certain trees in Middle-earth were mistaken for sentient beings called Ents, who greatly resembled trees, but had hands, feet, and facial features
Henke , who came within one shot of the course record set by Andrew Magee during Wednesday 's pro-am , has three career PGA Tour victories , but none since the 1993 BellSouth Classic .
BONN 1996-08-23
The corresponding track in the Complete Recordings is entitled Prologue: One Ring to Rule Them All
They have hard, grey skin, are resistant to arrow fire, and carry a large quiver of wood logs (to use as firewood and projectiles) and a mace
This is an overview of the of J.R.R. Tolkiens Middle-earth legendarium
The truce , the latest of several , was agreed in talks on Thursday between Russian peacemaker Alexander Lebed and rebel chief-of-staff Aslan Maskhadov .
Years later, the Eithel Ivrin were defiled by an army led by Glaurung on its way to assail Nargothrond, and were eventually destroyed after the War of Wrath along with everything else in Beleriand
The men , both Finns aged about 40 , were arrested last Saturday in the western town of Tampere in a raid on a luxury boat owned by one of them .
At least 16 people were killed and several injured on Sunday when a bus fell from a mountain road into a ravine on a river bank in Pakistan-ruled Azad ( free ) Kashmir , police said .
Two Warg-riders are seen riding alongside the Easterlings after the Olog-hai breach Minas Tiriths main gate
BASEBALL - KEVIN BROWN LOWERS ERA AS MARLINS BEAT REDS .
Movement through the forest kept the army from being spotted by the enemy
He said Washington strongly supported the economic sanctions imposed already and if these did not work the council would consider " an arms embargo or targeted sanctions against faction leaders . "
For example, Helge Fauskanger translated the first two chapters of into Quenya
Here, they joined up with Marhwinis éored and attacked the enemy from the rear, sealing their doom
England were 74 for no wicket in
10. Germany 8.30
The conception of Trotter being a hobbit was discarded with the following recommencing of writing; another short-lived idea was to make Trotter "a disguised elf − friend of Bilbos in Rivendell", and a scout from Rivendell who "pretends to be a ranger"
In response, the men of Lake-town in the valley along with Bard, Gandalf, and Bilbo made their way back to the city to regroup with the rest of the Lake-Town forces and defend it while the Dwarves and Elves continued to engage Azogs forces on the plains
Mother Teresa devoted to world 's poor .
More than 10 weapons , including automatic Kalashnikov rifles , were stolen from an arms store in Belgium , police said on Saturday .
But Frodo the Hobbit had embarked on the Quest of the Ring, carrying the One Ring stealthily to Mount Doom and destroying it, thus defeating Sauron for good
As he burnt the city, Smaug was confronted by Bard, a descendant of Dale (itself conflagrated by the dragon) wielding the Black Arrow which would penetrate the dragons weak-spot
Burundi defends military regime to hostile UN .
A government statement , broadcast repeatedly by state radio , said the two days of prayer were " for the dead , for peace and prosperity in Guinea , the victory of the new government and the health of the head of state " .
PHILADELPHIA AT SAN DIEGO
Nathalie Dechy ( France ) beat Christina Singer ( Germany ) 6-4 6-0
Tharzog was an Orc chieftain from Mount Gram who served Agandaûr, the fictional "Right Hand" of Sauron
SOCCER - AUSTRIA DRAW 0-0 WITH SCOTLAND IN WORLD CUP QUALIFIER .
5. Igor Potapovich ( Kazakstan ) 5.80
Olympic champion Agassi meets Karim Alami of Morocco in the first round .
Bombadil went immediately with Frodo to the tree and commanded it to release its prisoners, Merry and Pippin, which it immediately did
Nicaraguan president to go to U.S. for medical care .
Goldman , whose Oscars were for " Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid " and " All the President 's Men " , earlier this summer criticised some of the season 's blockbusters .
RUGBY UNION - NEW ZEALAND DEFEAT SOUTH AFRICA 33-26 .
It is possible that the name Turgon comes from the Sindarin word "tur" ("power, mastery")
In Cleveland , Kevin Seitzer 's two-out single in the top of the 10th brought home David Hulse with the winning run as the Milwaukee Brewers sent the Cleveland Indians to their third straight extra-inning defeat 4-3 .
One uses a large tower shield to protect both members of the team and hold off attackers by sealing the corridor using it; the other fights past the shield using a very long spear
UEFA Cup Lyngby ( Denmark ) v x-Club Brugge ( Belgium ) Casino Graz ( Austria ) v Ekeren ( Belgium ) Besiktas ( Turkey ) v Molenbeek ( Belgium ) Alania Vladikavkaz ( Russia ) v x-Anderlecht ( Belgium )
Qidra had said Dahman was arrested on suspicion of making a false statement .
6 - Andre Agassi ( U.S. ) beat Leander Paes ( India ) 3-6 6-4 6-1 6-0
He shares a name with Beleg Cúthalion, the famous Sindarin bowman of Doriath and friend of Túrin Turambar
Harvey said they could accurately tag whales with a radio transmitter , and could also swim all the way around one of the giant mammals , filming it with a video camera .
Passing Bain the Black Arrow and instructing him to hide it, Bard attempts to lead the guards away and is soon captured and imprisoned as Smaug flies towards Lake-town
U.S. tight-lipped on Libya 's award to Farrakhan .
In the 19th century of the Third Age the Haradrim gained possession of Umbar itself, mounting further invasions of Gondor in TA 1944 and TA 2885
Australia won the toss and decided to bat against Zimbabwe in the first day-night limited overs match of the Singer World Series tournament on Monday .
Foreign Minister I.K. Gujral was asked at a news conference if India 's decision to block adoption of the accord in Geneva would lead to an arms race with Pakistan and China .
Jordanian PM Kabariti leaves for West Bank .
He tells Gandalf and Thorin about their swords found back in the trolls cave
Saleh said the team -- from New York 's Metropolitan Museum -- found four Canopic jars and two unguent jars in the tomb , which belongs to an unidentifed person who lived during the 12th Dynasty ( 1991-1786 BC ) in the Middle Kingdom .
At some point prior to TA 1883, he became the father of Siriondil, who would become the father of Eärnil II
Siril is a Quenya word that meant "rivulet"
The allied force , known as Operation Provide Comfort , is based in southern Turkey .
China , which has long opposed all Taipei efforts to gain greater international recognition , was infuriated by a visit to Ukraine this week by Taiwanese Vice President Lien .
PRAGUE 1996-08-27
The strategic importance of Weathertop was recognised early: during the reign of Elendil, the Dúnedain of Arnor built a watchtower on its summit, installing the most powerful of Arnors three palantíri in the tower
The value of maintenance works , which will last 120 hours straight , is 20 million dinars and the funds have been secured by Belgrade airport , Tanjug said .
5 - Andrei Medvedev ( Ukraine ) beat Jonathan Stark ( U.S. ) 7-6
Afterwards Durins Folk earned the hatred of Sauron and Orcs were commanded to harass Dwarves wherever they could find them
In TA 2475 at the ending of the Watchful Peace, a new tougher, stronger breed of Orc appeared; the Black Uruks, specifically bred for fighting Men
NEW YORK 1996-08-30
Hadhod used several weapons while he was in Berethors group
They carry shields emblazoned with the original Men of Gondor heraldry rather than those seen in the War of the Ring
The backbone and most numbered part of Saurons army were the Orcs
Just like normal Wraiths he gains health for every time he hits an enemy or a structure, which can make him a good meat shield against cheap units
It was lamented by Bregalad in his song
Ondohers enterprise came to a devastating end: he was surprised by the Wainriders near the Black Gate, and his forces were overwhelmed
China intends to dismantle the territory 's first fully-elected legislature because it opposes Britain 's recent electoral reforms and install an interim appointed chamber , a decision that has generated considerable controversy .
2. Marcus Gronholm ( Finland ) Toyota Celica 1:46
Randall Cunningham , the National Football League 's all-time leading rusher as a quarterback and one of the most athletic players ever to line up over centre , retired Thursday .
Under the command of Sharku, a large force of Warg-riders attacks the people of King Théoden who were going to the fortress of Helms Deep
There will be no Palestinian state without Jerusalem .
Aziz said Iraq 's military intervention , the first on such scale since the U.S. and allies decided to protect Iraqi Kurds against Baghdad , was in response to a plea from Barzani to President Saddam Hussein to back him militarily and save his people from attacks by Iran and Talabani .
The fast-moving Olsza , 18 , was cool in her opening match .
When controversy forced the draw to be done over -- against odds of 151-to-1 -- Medvedev and Fleurian drew each other a second time .
In TA 2941, Bilbo Baggins and Thorins company traveled to the Lonely Mountain to regain the treasure Smaug had stolen
Like his father before him, Forthwini lived in troubled times with all the lands east of the Misty Mountains still in danger of invasion from the Easterling Wainriders
" I think this morning 's Canadian numbers were very supportive of narrower spreads , particularly the current account number , " said Jim Webber , director of fixed-income research with TD Securities Inc .
A trio of hungry fans at the food court who had already forked over the lasagna money pronounced it good , but Carol Perry chimed in , " The water is ridiculous , they want four dollars for the water , you might as well get a glass of wine . "
In the video game, Thorins Halls fell to the Dourhands clan under Gormr Doursmith after Thorins death, but was reconquered by Thorins kin under Dwalin a few years before the War of the Ring, although the Dourhands looted most of the citys treasures and gems before retreating
Erien was a Ñoldorin Elf-maiden in earlier versions of J.R.R. Tolkiens legendarium
Náli was a Dwarf of Durins Folk
Instead of him, it is Gorbag who in the cave explains Shelobs eating habits, while Shagrat takes the Mithril shirt, saying it is his (while Gorbag intended to take it to Sauron), and in the resulting fight, Shagrat escapes with it
12. Craig MacLean ( Britain ) 1:05.735
In comparison to other factions in the game, Angmar can be considered an evil counterpart to the Dwarven faction; they are strong and sturdy, but slow
A Shanghai novelist was murdered at her home on Sunday , an official of the city 's Writers Association said on Wednesday .
"Pelennor" was a Sindarin word for Fenced Land
It plays as Samwise Gamgee and Frodo Baggins, with Gollum, their new-found guide, behold the Black Gate, through which an army of Easterlings march through into the land of Mordor
Very few, if any, Vanyar remained in or returned to Middle-earth after the Great Journey
Morris drew the ire of liberal Clinton aides for repositioning the president in the political centre .
Dor-en-Ernil, also known as the Land of the Prince, was one of Gondors most southerly coastal regions
" Algeria expresses its sharp rejection of a meeting putting together masterminds and ideologists and financers of terrorism , " the spokesman said , adding the Algerian government has asked the British embassy in Algiers for clarifications .
These swords would maximize the brute strength of the Uruks, being able to cut off limbs and heads very easily
With help from the Ruffians, Dunlendings and Goblin-men sent by Saruman, Lotho took over control of the Shire, imprisoning many, including important folk
Justice Minister Jacques Toubon began last month the formal process of ejecting Tapie from the French parliament as well as stripping him of his seat in the European parliament .
LONDON 1996-08-23
Dwalin, Fíli, and Kíli mount on the three goats, cut them free of the chariot, and ride them onward to Ravenhill, while Balin activates the arrow launcher and kills all of the remaining wargs and warg-riders, calmly stating "I am too old for this"
LONDON 1996-08-31
8. Sinead Delahunty ( Ireland ) 4:07.27
We really want the war to end , we hope and believe that our sons and brothers will win , " said Dudayeva , adding that she was from Urus-Martan .
6. Lindsay Owen-Jones ( Britain ) / Pierre-Henri Raphanel
Their court appearance means they will face trial and possible imprisonment in Britain before their applications for asylum are considered .
However the power of the Black Númenóreans was broken in TA 1050 by King Hyarmendacil I of Gondor and the Haradrim brought under the overlordship of Gondor
The embattled Afghan government said last week that the Kabul-Salang highway would be opened on Monday or Tuesday following talks with the Supreme Coordination Council alliance led by Jumbish-i-Milli movement of powerful opposition warlord General Abdul Rashid Dostum .
A spokeswoman for Christie said the former Olympic 100 metres champion had agreed to captain a quality quartet which also includes Canada 's Donovan Bailey , the current Olympic champion and world record holder , and Namibian Frankie Fredericks .
Firyal is a Haradrim ally created by Fantasy Flight games for the
The Leaves of Lórien were brooches given by Galadriel as gifts to the members of the Fellowship of the Ring (except for Gandalf, presumed at the time to be dead) at the end of their stay at Lothlórien
- Palestinian Authority has taken over education in East Jerusalem .
Peter Laca
JOHANNESBURG 1996-08-26
Statistics Canada on Friday reported Canada 's current account moved to a higher-than-expected C$ 1.15 billion second quarter surplus from a C$ 1.62 billion deficit in the first quarter .
M. Atherton b Waqar Younis 31
In TA 1856, the Northmen of Rhovanion were invaded and enslaved by the Wainriders
During the Battle of the Five Armies, the Siege of Dale takes place, where both Elves and Men fight Azogs army
Palestinian Attorney-General Khaled al-Qidra was not immediately available to comment .
Russian peacemaker Alexander Lebed and Chechen separatist military leader Aslan Maskhadov started a new round of peace talks on Friday in this settlement just outside the rebel region .
Well read, with an inquiring mind, Óin was the healer among the Company, often applying an herbal salve of his own invention – which has since come to be known as ointment after its maker." In "The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey: A Visual Companion", writer Jude Fisher added additional background information, including the fact that Óin often acts as a midwife on those rare occasions when a Dwarf woman gives birth
The following bond was announced by lead manager Toronto Dominion .
Gamgee (who died in 1886 but is commemorated by a plaque at the , only yards from Tolkiens childhood home) but he claimed to be genuinely surprised when, in March 1956, he received a letter from one Sam Gamgee, who had heard that his name was in "The Lord of the Rings" but had not read the book. Tolkien replied on March 18: He proceeded to send Mr
In "The Lord of the Rings Online" Herefara comes from the town of Woodhurst in the Stonedeans, a province in western Rohan where many men have a mix of Rohirrim and Dunlending ancestry
Chris Lewis 2 3 0 18 9 6.00
17. Paul Broadhurst 172,580
130 Fernando Roca ( Spain ) 66 64 , Ian Pyman 66 64
Ronald Reagan 's tax cut won him a second four-year term in the White House in 1984 , while Democrat Walter Mondale , who promised higher taxes , lost .
In the film "" they have ballistas mounted on their ships
9. Marc Dollendorf ( Belgium ) 50.36
Centuries before the beginning of the war, one dragon Scatha had stolen treasure from the Dwarves and kept it in his hoard; Scatha was slain by Fram of the Éothéod, who kept the treasure for himself
Gough later bowled Moin Khan with an inswinging yorker but Inzamam-ul-Haq , 37 not out , and Salim Malik took Pakistan to 225 for five when the overs ran out .
"Sirlith" is Sindarin for "river of ash" - referring to the fact that it flowed through the plains of Lithlad
He then prescribed the one awesome thing to love on earth: the Blessed Sacramen
MONROVIA 1996-08-22
3. Smets 27
When Éomer orders all people to abandon Eastemnet and move across the Entwash river, Fastred openly defies his order, keeping his family in the city and leading his riders against the raiding parties of the Mordor Orcs instead
Even after millennia, the descendants of Numenor still possessed some extended lifespans beyond typical Men; these men became known as the Dúnedain
Marhwini was the son of Marhari, who led a remnant of the Northmen to battle alongside Gondor to stop the advance of the Wainriders years earlier
Before he knew it, they had crossed the ford, which forced him to retreat to his camp and make a shield wall around it
While young, Buldar fought in a famous battle in the valley of Ishmalog as a soldier of the North King
He survived and warned the Men of the West when they marched to the Black Gate of an ambush planned by Mordor
9. Agnieszka Godras ( Poland ) 8
King Eldarion (his name meaning "From the Elves" in reference to his mother Arwen) was "full ripe for kingship" at the time, and ruled for an unspecified amount of time well into the Fourth Age of Men
JERUSALEM 1996-08-29
Buldar was a man of Agar
The host survived with help of the Men of the House of Hador led by Húrin and Huor, and they were able to kept the enemy from breaking through the Pass Sirion
Gary Orr , Jose-Maria Canizares ( Spain ) , Michael Jonzon
"Armenelos" is a Quenya term meaning Royal Fortress of the Heavens or Royal-heaven-fortress
In Sofia : Levski Sofia ( Bulgaria ) 1 Olimpija ( Slovenia ) 0
Reference to the Sun was likely in honor of Isildurs brother Anárion (whose name bears "Anar", an initial Quenya name for the Sun)
PHOENIX 1996-08-22
LONDON 1996-08-26
His name is Quenya in origin
Iran accuses Iraq of ceasefire violations .
( Sweden ) 67 62 70 , Ian Pyman 66 64 69 , Fernando Roca
At first glance, Gandalf identified the sword as a "good blade." Like Glamdring and Sting, Orcrist glowed whenever Orcs were near
Many Haradrim warriors were seen in bright clothing, such as scarlet robes, and were decorated with golden ornaments, such as collars, earrings, corsets of overlapping brazen plates; they braided their hair with gold
There were 162 rigs under contract in the U.S. Gulf as of August 30 , down one from the prior week , Offshore Data Services said .
Alluding to the most obvious toward the start of his letter, Tolkien clarified that he would now number every letter and every page so that Christopher would know whether anything went amiss
In turn this inspired Fëanor to make the jewels that could hold that same light; the Silmarils
The first Men also awoke in the far east, where they first met Dwarves and Avari
NEW YORK 1996-08-29
In The Prancing Pony, Frodo accidentally slipped the One Ring upon his finger, drawing the attention of the Black Riders
Johnson is the second manager to be hospitalized this week after California Angels skipper John McNamara was admitted to New York 's Columbia Presbyterian Hospital on Wednesday with a blood clot in his left calf .
British Foreign Secretary Malcolm Rifkind said on Tuesday from Pakistan his government would only take action against the planned Islamists gathering in London if British law was broken .
The area was part of the self-styled state of Krajina proclaimed by minority Serbs in 1991 and recaptured by the Croatian army last year .
After the resurrection of Skorgrim, the Dourhands (along with their new found allies the Goblin Blue-crag Goblins began to wage war against the Longbeards in small raids all across the Blue Mountains (Ered Luin)
ATLANTA 1996-08-25
In the films continuity, Bofurs family were miners, and he and his cousin Bifur also dabbled in toy-making, crafting the wonderful mechanical toys that were so famous in Dale
The Sindarin company intended to live like the Wood-elves: natural and undisturbed
The Wainriders then enslaved the people of Rhovanion
WASHINGTON 1996-08-26
Austrian television reported earlier that more than 20 had been hurt in the accident at the station in Linz , 300 km ( 180 miles ) west of Vienna .
If Germany were to extradite him , he said , it would " lose face before the whole world " .
Tirion was a Quenya word that meant Watch-tower
The Vermonter , which runs between St. Albans , Vermont , near the Canadian border and Washington , D.C. , collided with the truck at 7:51 a.m. EDT near the rural town of Roxbury some 15 miles southeast of the state capital Montpelier , Amtrak spokeswoman Maureen Garrity said .
They were from the beginning far fewer in number than the lesser men
- Editorial lambasts Jalal Talabani , leader of a Kurdish rebel faction in the north , for liaising with Iran in its fight against rivals .
1. Virna De Angeli ( Italy ) 55.66
In the ensuing battle Fingolfin wounded Morgoth seven times, but eventually stumbled and fell among the great pits created by Morgoths hammer, Grond
" With the unemployment rate staying close to about 5.5 percent over the last two years , there is a good chance the rate will slowly drop to about 5.0 percent by the end of the year , " Goldstein said .
CINCINNATI 1996-08-31
Initially, Saurons forces found difficulty in getting to the Army of the West, due to the large slag pools and pits of waste surrounding parts of the Black Gate, which impeded their progress
River Trolls were a type of troll never actually mentioned in J.R.R Tolkiens writings
New Zealand will also line up against Sri Lanka and Pakistan this November in a one-day champions trophy competition in Sharjah .
Forty-one years after their defeat, the Easterlings renewed their attacks on Gondor
Harboring a powerful sense of his own self-importance, the Master dresses his guards in regalia every bit as pretentious as his own
It may have originated from the Sindarin words eryn, meaning forest, ethuil, meaning spring, or eth, which is an ending referring to a person or an animal
Sandrine Testud ( France ) beat Cristina Torrens-Valero ( Spain ) 6 - 2 6-1
Both the Silmaril and Nauglamír were taken by Beren to Tol Galen
In "The Hobbit" films, however, the character takes on a much greater role
He was seen commanding a catapult during the Siege of Gondor
Broks armor is that of dwarven plate, which is very sturdy against most weapons
Fulcheri started his U.N. career in 1960 and has long experience in U.N. emergency relief in Congo , Angola , Sudan and Somalia .
After this war, the survivors returned home
Later, Éomer defied the King and led his Éored (riders of his own household, his personal guard) to remove the herd folk of the East-Mark behind the fens of Entwash
Thatcher , dubbed the " Iron Lady " for her driven , forceful personality , was never known to have an interest in the occult and in fact has a university degree in chemistry .
When the Vanyar took up arms in the War of Wrath and followed the Host of Valinor, Ingwë did not join them, but his son Ingwion led the Vanyarin warriors, capturing Eglarest in the first battle of the war
More automatic weapons stolen in Belgium .
Bertram said Lauck was obsessed by Nazism and devoted his life to leading his National Socialist German Workers ' Party Foreign Organisation ( NSDAP-AO ) , which derives its name from the full German title of Hitler 's Nazi party .
5. Natalia Karimova ( Russia ) 3:45.061
Lynne O'Donnell
On the Good side, one player controls Gondor and all of the Elven factions (including the Woodland realm in Mirkwood, Lórien, Rivendell, and the Grey Havens), while another controls the kingdom of Rohan, the Dwarves (including the Kingdom under the Mountain and the clans of the Blue Mountains), and a jumbled faction of Men encompassing two different territories - one in Rhovanion, encompassing the Kingdom of Dale, Mirkwood rangers and Beornings, and another in Eriador, representing the remnants of the Dúnedain
Strider may refer to: Gandalf the White is name of the thirteenth soundtrack of the Complete Recordings of ""
10. Neil Hodgson ( Britain ) Ducati 82
Michael Stich ( Germany ) beat Tommy Haas ( Germany ) 6-3 1-6 6-1 7-5
The Dwarves desired the gold of the Elves, and asked the king to allow them to work their craft on their treasuries
Such things do not happen by chance in the Clinton White House , they are part of his political chess game .
third and final test between England and Pakistan at the Oval on
The name Telperiën might be related to the Quenya "tyelpë" ("silver") and "-ien", a feminine suffix
Aided by the "spells of ruin" laid on it during its forging in Mordor, and by the Witch-king of Angmar during the Siege, Grond smashed open the formidable Great Gate of Minas Tirith with just three or four blows
NZ motorist 's arrest brings free flight to Tonga .
The fourth-seeded Spaniard , who is tackling the world class traffic of New York City as a warm-up by driving to the tennis centre for her matches , ran over France 's Nathalie Tauziat 6-1 6-3 on Wednesday to take her place in the third round .
As such, they hold no real hatred against the Men of the West and at several points players have the option to simply pay them to defuse an armed situation
Arahad is a Sindarin name that is composed of "ara" ("king, noble") and "had" ("hurl, throw")
All those who attempted to pass through it became enmeshed and wandered aimlessly as if lost in an impossible maze of trees, placing them in a situation where their food would eventually run out and they would die
SOCCER - RUSSIA AND BRAZIL DRAW 2-2 IN FRIENDLY .
In the history of Arda, a runic script called Cirth was invented by Daeron of Doriath to represent Sindarin words
Blinded by greed and consumed by the dragons curse, he refused to share his treasure with the Lake-town refugees to help alleviate their hardships
2-0 .
His weapons include Sting, a walking/fighting stick, and collectible rocks
Concern centred on the currency markets since Rubin 's tour de force has been his unflagging support of the dollar .
287 Ian Woosnam 70 76 71 70
His real name, Námo, means "Ordainer" or "Judge" in Quenya
The first element "tur" of the name Turgon is a Sindarin word for "power, mastery"
Lows on August 28 across the Prairies should range from 8.0 to 12.0 Celsius with highs around 30.0 Celsius .
Many had taken part in the genocide that year of one million people , mostly Tutsis , and refuse to go home for fear of reprisal at the hands of the new Tutsi-dominated government in Kigali .
They increased their bulge to 4-0 in the third when Barry Larkin drew a one-out walk , Kevin Mitchell singled and Davis launched his 22nd homer over the right-field wall .
Elendil promises to teach his son how to replicate the feat, but the two are startled when Orodruin suddenly erupts and take cover as ash blankets the Southlands
PAPENDRECHT , Netherlands 1996-08-23
-- Julie Tolkacheva , Moscow Newsroom , +7095 941 8520
" It appears that August is showing an economy again reversing course and is not moving onto a significantly slower track at this point , " said economist Lynn Reaser of Barnett Banks Inc. in Jacksonville , Fla .
7. Rogel Nachum ( Israel ) 16.36
For this reason it is said the Fates of Men and Elves are sundered
in June 2022 by the Bodleian Library, honoring Christopher Tolkien two years after his death
The Enchanted stream flowed into the Forest River about ten miles west of the Elvenkings Halls
4. Vialle 22
On Sunday near Chicago he accused President Bill Clinton of " raising the white flag " in the war on drugs .
Frodo and Sam discover Gollum stalking them as they try to reach Mount Doom to destroy the One Ring
6. Erik Breukink ( Netherlands ) Rabobank 48
288 Jose Coceres ( Argentina ) 69 78 71 70
3. Maksim Tarasov ( Russia ) 5.86
However, J.R.R. Tolkien never explained the nature of ettens and theres any indication that they could have two heads
In Edinburgh : Hearts ( Scotland ) 1 Red Star Belgrade
12. Mika Salo ( Finland ) 5
Rubin is the third notable withdrawal from the women 's competition after 12th-ranked former Australian Open champion Mary Pierce and 20th-ranked Wimbledon semifinalist Meredith McGrath pulled out earlier this week with injuries .
( Norway ) , Stephen McAllister , Neal Briggs
Forlond is a Sindarin word that meant North-haven
In the 2012 live-action film "", Thrór is portrayed by Welsh actor Jeffrey Thomas, but has no lines (except a brief cry of "No!" when the Arkenstone falls into a roiling pile of gold during the loss of Erebor)
7. Al Unser Jr ( U.S. ) , Penske Mercedes-Benz , 54.683
This was shattered in TA 2475 by the sudden appearance of new Black Uruks out of Mordor, who attacked Osgiliath and captured it, driving out the last people and destroying the Great Bridge
He said the women reported the blackmail letters and police caught the girl on Wednesday as she tried to pick up the cash at the Sierakowice railway station .
There used to be Entwives (literally "ent-women"), but they started to move farther away from the Ents because they liked to plant and control things, so they moved away to the region that would later become the Brown Lands across the Great River Anduin
The next track is "The Steward of Gondor"
During the Battle of the Morannon he is killed by a large Olog-hai
M. Bevan c Campbell b Brandes 9
Most , including former president F.W. de Klerk and African National Congress Deputy President Thabo Mbeki , offered apologies for any mistakes they had made and accepted broad responsibility for the actions of their foot soldiers .
Mark Cairns ( England ) beat Joseph Kneipp ( Australia ) 8-15 15-12 15-8 15-8
The terrified Corsairs abandoned their ships and jumped overboard; all either drowned or fled south back to their homelands
A rare early handwritten draft of a song by U.S. guitar legend Jimi Hendrix was sold for almost $ 17,000 on Thursday at an auction of some of the late musician 's favourite possessions .
In "The Lord of the Rings Online", Isildur makes several extended appearances in flashbacks and session plays
Togo 1 Congo 0
"Celeb"- Quenya word for silver "Certar "- Quenya word for Runes, referring in particular to the "Alphabet of Daeron"
So it was that Sauron sent in his legions of Easterlings to attack Dale and destroy the two kingdoms
Hijacked Sudan plane expected at London 's Stansted .
It was n't supposed to be this hard for defending champion Steffi Graf to win her opening match at the U.S. Open on Tuesday night .
Environments range from Mirkwood to the barren stretches of Mordor, and each contain numerous settings such as ruined cities, Elven forests, and Dwarven mountains
Tall stone statues graven in the likeness of former kings were set between these pillars If there were a bay for each king the hall would have had at least seventeen bays
" The FOMC ( Federal Open Market Committee ) has been forecasting a slowing in economic activity and moderating household demand will have a large impact on overall economic growth , " Naroff said in a written comment .
" I think initially some stocks will trade up on sympathy , but the wild premium NationsBank put on this deal here , I do n't see a lot of other deals being done at this premium , " said Michael Durante , analyst at McDonald & Co .
"Main article: Third Age" The Third Age saw the rise in power of the realms of Arnor and Gondor, and their decline
Yeltsin 's press office could not confirm the call .
The Sun, on the other hand, had been created for the sake of Men
Rhûn supposedly stopped at another ocean at its eastern end
1989 - Georges Simenon , writer of 84 books based on the detective character Inspector Maigret , died .
Clothing: green velvet breeches; red or yellow waistcoat; brown or green jacket; gold (or brass) buttons; a dark green hood and cloak (belonging to a dwarf)."Tolkien wrote also in the "Prologue" that they dress in bright colours, favouring yellow and green
" The leadership has decided to provide support and military aid to Mr Massoud Barzani and his comrades to enable them confront the vicious aggression ...
The Adûnaic translation of "Eärendil" is Azrubêl
HONG KONG 1996-08-28
Juan Lopez gave Atletico the lead midway through the first half after Barcelona fullback Albert Ferrer and substitute goalkeeper Julen Lopetegui failed to clear a Milinko Pantic cross .
Gandalf says that Radagast is a great wizard in his own particular way, also calling him a kind-hearted individual enjoying the solitude of standing guard over the Greenwood forest and preferring the company of animals to that of Men
Upon Saurons defeat, Aragorn was crowned as King Elessar, a name given to him by Galadriel and adopted by the people of Gondor because of the Elfstone he wore
Another likely related creature from Germanic and Slavic folklore was the "Mahr" (also called an "Alp"), a vampire-like creature said to rise from its barrow after dark to plague the sleeping and drink their blood
The sea lions -- 17-year-old Beaver and nine-year-old Sake -- have undergone six years of training for their mission .
2. Khalid Boulami ( Morocco ) 7:31.65
Gluten feed 21 pct bulk Spot - 117.00 unc
Sadoc agrees to go with Elanor, Poppy, and Marigold to warn the Stranger of his pursuers, but when cornered by the evil women, Sadoc is mortally wounded by the Nomad
4. Jean Alesi ( France ) Benetton 19.125
- Parliament Speaker Berri : The occupied south should not be used as a winning card in elections .
The road then wound upwards around the mountain, turning first south then west then north and back to the east
The committee consists of the chiefs of defence staff of each alliance country except Iceland , which has no armed forces .
2. Ellina Zvereva ( Belarus ) 65.66
4. Frederic Vialle ( France ) Yamaha
They deferred to the Shirriffs and were probably deputized able-bodied hobbits that were charged with helping them in their job
128 Ian Woosnam 64 64
Favourite : Mind Games ( 7-4 ) finished 4th
Before the Dagor Bragollach, Turgon of Gondolin had prepared and organized an outpost there for which he sent ships filled with messengers to Aman, to pled for aid from the Valar but none save for the elf, Voronwë, who was saved by Ulmo ever returned to Middle-earth
Dagor served in the army of Minas Ithil for some time leading up to the citys conquest by the Witch-king following Saurons return to Mordor
Stephane Guivarch ( Rennes )
R. Dravid not out 7
At night, unseen by the Rohirrim, the Huorns slew all remaining Uruks and buried them in a hill later known as the Death Down
"The Fall of Gondolin" is the third of the Great Tales, but was the first that J.R.R. Tolkien wrote, and is the second most complete of the tales (after "The Children of Húrin"; and is less fractured and more continuous than the materials comprising "Beren and Lúthien")
" We 're used to hearing the taunts of " Death to the Arabs ' , " said Sameh Haj Yihye , a Taibe resident who studies at Jerusalem 's Hebrew University . "
Australia will defend the Ashes in
On August 15 , Kevorkian helped Judith Curren , a 42-year-old Massachusetts nurse , who suffered from chronic fatigue syndrome , a non-terminal illness , to end her life .
CRICKET - NEW CAPTAIN TENDULKAR UPSTAGED BY 120 FROM JAYASURIYA .
England 326 all out
The PLO wants East Jerusalem as the capital of a future Palestinian state .
However , Kubo said it did not necessarily show a substantial worsening of the economy .
But it worked , " Dole said .
Chisinau ( Moldova ) 2 ( 2-1 )
Dor Dínen was Sindarin for Silent land Nan Dungortheb or the No Land was the name of the wilderness south of Ered Gorgoroth and Dorthonion, east of Dimbar and the river Mindeb, west of Dor Dínen and the Esgalduin, and north of Neldoreth and Doriath
Third-seeded Wayne Ferreira of South Africa defeated Tim Henman of Britain 6-4 6-4 after a three-hour evening rain delay and fifth-seeded Thomas Enqvist of Sweden won his third-round match , eliminating Petr Korda of the Czech Republic 6-3 6-4 .
We want to talk to him , " Andrews said of the man .
The Petty-dwarves (named in Sindarin Noegyth Nibin or Nibin-Noeg, part of an older term "Bar-en-Nibin-noeg") were a diminutive race of Dwarves that lived in Beleriand in Middle-earth during the First Age
11. David Coulthard ( Britain ) McLaren 37 laps completed
N. Hussain c Saeed Anwar b Waqar Younis 12
Tar-Súrion was the ninth King of Númenor, succeeding his father Tar-Anárion
Tar-Calmacil was also as the first king to have recorded an Adûnaic equivalent of his name: Ar-Belzagar
LONDON 1996-08-25
Calacirya is a Quenya word that meant Cleft of Light
Legolas and Bolg have a short duel which ends in Bolgs head being impaled by one of Legolass short swords and his dead body falls off the mountain and is crushed by a falling boulder
ICE HOCKEY - FINLAND BEAT CZECH REPUBLIC IN WORLD CUP MATCH .
Pengolodh was born in Nevrast to a Ñoldorin lord and a Sindarin lady
The two were wounded in the early hours of Sunday when some 30 members of the Democratic Karen Buddhist Army ( DKBA ) ambushed their patrol on the Thai side of the border with Burma , to the north of the town of Mae Sot .
Elanor returned to her tribes village and stole into Sadoc Burrows tent, searching through his guidebook while Poppy kept watch outside
-- Romina Nicaretta , Sao Paulo newsroom , 5511 232 4411 .
He joins the Army of the West and follows Aragorns command to the Black Gate of Mordor
" Agriculture is very expensive , and there are no solutions to our problems on the horizon , " said Odnosum .
In TA 2941, when Hilda Bianca told him and his partner that she saw Dwarves in the town earlier, the net mender was confused of why there would be Dwarves in Lake-town until an old fisherman reminded him that it was mentioned in the prophecy of the King of Silver Fountains, which later spread all over the town
68 65 , Eamonn Darcy ( Ireland ) 65 68
Tight bowling from Glamorgan off-spinner Robert Croft helped England to restrict Pakistan to 225 for five in their 50 overs in the first one-day international at Old Trafford on Thursday .
France at Japan
Brunswijk had been in police custody for 10 days after Freddy Pinas , a Surinamese-born visitor from the Netherlands , accused Brunswijk of trying to kill him in a bar-room brawl in the mining town of Moengo 56 miles ( 90 km ) east of Paramaribo .
Such did he consider its value that he was willing to trade 1/14th of all the gold and silver of Smaugs hoard for it
Peoples living in forested realms include: History
Upon beginning Volume II of "The Lord of the Rings", the player enters Moria with his/her legendary, which can be named and tailored to a specific play-style, making the new weapons very innovative and much more powerful than regular weapons
MOSCOW 1996-08-28
COLOMBO 1996-08-29
In Karak , where two days of riots flared last Friday , a few hundred young men lingered outside Omari mosque on leaving , shouting slogans for about 15 minutes .
German prosecutors have already accused Iran 's intelligence minister Ali Fallahiyan of ordering the killing of the Kurdish leaders .
ARLINGTON , Texas 1996-08-31
In TA 1944, an army of Wainriders gathered on the southern shores of the Sea of Rhûn before launching an assault on Gondor that left King Ondoher dead
SOCCER - IRELAND BEAT LIECHTENSTEIN 5-0 IN WORLD CUP QUALIFIER .
Anarríma was one of the constellations of stars set in the heavens of Arda by Varda
The name Aratan is a Quenya word that translates into the Common Speech as "Royal Man"
SARAJEVO 1996-08-26
NATO said it was closely monitoring the movement of about 75 Moslem men towards the village of Mahala in Bosnia 's Serb republic on Saturday , two days after a violent confrontation with Serbs .
Hen Vipheak , former editor of the Sereipheap Thmei ( New Liberty ) newspaper , stepped through the gates of the run-down French colonial-era T3 prison late Friday afternoon , following intervention on his behalf by King Sihanouk .
Many significant events of Middle-earths history - such as Smaugs awakening and rampage, the finding of the Ring, and the reforging of Narsil - all have parallels in Germanic Mythology
Boardman clocked four minutes 13.353 seconds to slice more than six seconds from the previous world mark of 4:19.699 set by Olympic champion Andrea Collinelli of Italy in Atlanta in July .
Conte , an army general , survived a February army pay revolt which at the time he described as a veiled attempt to topple him .
The Orcs eventually catch up to the Dwarves after the latters narrow escape from Goblin-town and force the Dwarves to climb the surrounding trees to escape the vicious Wargs
A resolution released by the council called for " halting contacts with the Israeli side and leaving the mechanism to carry out this to Palestinian President Yasser Arafat " .
Faber made amends in the 32nd minute when he headed in a corner to score the equaliser .
" The police interrogated several Slovak girls who said that they had been invited by Mark Dutroux to visit Belgium , " Gajdos said .
When the Dwarves first became aware of unfamiliar savage creatures coming out of the North, Thingol was the first to learn, and, possessing no heavy weapons of war, he once again asked the Dwarves for their aid
- After Tunisia called on France to respect Tunisian immigrants ' dignity , France says it welcomes legal Tunisian residents .
TORONTO AT CHICAGO
WELLINGTON 1996-08-28
BUDAPEST 1996-08-23
Jason Stoltenberg ( Australia ) vs. Stefano Pescosolido ( Italy )
An important source of Middle-earth linguistic scholarship is Pengolodh of Gondolin, a lore-master who wrote in Quenya and in Sindarin
In the present day, Azogs descendants continue to plague Durins Folk
Still marvelling at an exciting 64-stroke rally he won in the last game of his second-round match against Javier Sanchez of Spain on Tuesday , Enqvist joked , " Today against Petr there were about 64 strokes in the whole match .
Goblin Spider-riders were goblin units which rode on medium-sized spiders
In Baltimore , Don Wengert threw a nine-hitter for his first shutout and Jose Herrera had a two-run double in a three-run fifth inning as the Oakland Athletics blanked the Baltimore Orioles 3-0 .
More than 48,000 items were created for this trilogy alone, including completely specialized weapons, intricate miniature sets, and extremely lifelike prosthetic body parts
The United States has already called on the Kurdish factions to hold peace talks in London .
- International Fair opens in the northern city of Beja with the participation of 16 foreign countries .
But Russian President Boris Yeltsin has seemed unwilling to meet his envoy and went on holiday on Monday .
The reason for this is that the primitive plural ending "-î" (still present in Quenya as "-i") affected the vowels in the word by making them higher and fronter
Strikers - Ronald de Boer ( Ajax ) , Gaston Taument ( Feyenoord ) , Jordi Cruyff ( Manchester United ) , Dennis Bergkamp ( Arsenal ) .
Tar-Minyatur was a Quenya word that meant "High First-ruler" in the High-Elven tongue, from "tar" ("king"), "minya" ("first") and "túrë" ("master, lord")
The armed militants were shot dead in Nahar village 90 km ( 56 miles ) south of Algiers , Liberte newspaper said .
Thorin reluctantly agrees, and he angrily offers to pay a fourteenth part of the treasure to regain the stone, which satisfies the Men and the Elves
With knowledge gained from Halbrand, who Galadriel discovers to be Sauron in disguise, Celebrimbor forges three rings: Narya, Nenya, and Vilya
Bilbo Baggins loaned his coat of mithril mail to be displayed there
Saenathra was voiced by Courtenay Taylor, who also played Arwen in the game
After the British government admitted a possible link between mad cow disease and its fatal human equivalent , the EU imposed a worldwide ban on British beef exports .
Every entry is extensively sourced, giving detailed analysis of the grammar and phonetic development of Quenya, Sindarin and Adûnaic
New Zealand - Tries : Sean Fitzpatrick , Walter Little , Justin Marshall .
- Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar , positive assessment
Other seeded players advancing were number three Wayne Ferreira of South Africa , number four Marcelo Rios of Chile , number six MaliVai Washington of the United States and American Todd Martin , the seventh seeed .
Upon arrival in Middle-earth, Alatar and Pallando were dressed in robes of sea-blue
China 's second largest telecoms operator Unicom already has a mandate from the central government to establish 15 million new phone lines by the year 2000 , which will necessitate new trunk line systems and local distribution networks .
Elrond gently offers council to his friend, advising him to treasure the time he has left with his father
2. Yoelvis Quesada ( Cuba ) 17.29
Bard laid the Arkenstone upon Thorins breast when he was buried under the mountain, and Dáin agreed to pay the one-fourteenth share of the treasure as promised
Books six through nine discuss the development of "The Lord of the Rings", book nines second half discussing the story of Númenor (the first versions of which were covered in Book Five)
This makes him extremely bitter toward the Elves, to the point that he almost rejects Orcrist upon discovering it
Bilbo is horribly afraid, but he works up the nerve to take a single golden cup from one of the piles
In the Second Age, Durins Folk began a friendship with the Ñoldor of Celebrimbor in Eregion
In Bergen : Brann ( Norway ) 2 Shelbourne ( Ireland ) 1 ( 1-1 )
King Helm Hammerhand was trapped in the Hornburg, where he was forced to make desperate raids on the Dunlendings led by Wulf in order to get food
WASHINGTON 1996-08-27
7 - Jana Novotna ( Czech Republic ) beat Florencia Labat ( Argentina ) 6-2 4-6 6-2
After this defeat, the might of the Wainriders was broken, and their confederacy broke up
It was during this time that Túrin went by the name Gorthol"." For almost a year, this alliance held off the Orcs of Morgoth until the treachery of Mîm the Petty-dwarf brought it to a bloody end: the outlaw stronghold at Amon Rûdh was discovered and compromised, and Orcs overcame and slew the outlaws, covering the hilltop with real blood
Malawi 's ex-president Banda says he 's feeling well .
They said they were ready to force their way back across post-war ethnic lines to Serb-held Doboj , one of several towns where NATO troops fear violence involving refugees determined to vote where they once lived .
- Four ships unload tonnes of Iraq-bound sugar at Jordan 's Aqaba .
The Orc army was thus defeated, and lost a considerable amount of their forces; only a small number managed to escape the battle
It was a place of utmost fear and horror with brightly lit fires, horrible pillars that towered like serpentine tree boughs, and was filled with weapons and instruments of death and torture
Annabel Ellwood ( Australia ) beat Jennifer Capriati ( U.S. ) 6-4 6
CHICAGO 1996-08-30
A gunman being hunted on Auckland 's North Shore was captured by police just after 9 a.m. on Tuesday , New Zealand Press Association reported .
This , according to the trader , was typical of month-end position-squaring -- and the fact that a stronger U.S. currency helps limit some foreign exchange losses .
Soon, the Valar declared war on Melkor, presumably assembling a massive army of light, and battled him for many decades
After throwing the ring into a fire and then examining it, he and Frodo were able to read the inscription upon it: "Ash nazg durbatulûk, ash nazg gimbatul, Ash nazg thrakatulûk agh burzum-ishi krimpatul." Translated into the Common Speech that read, "One ring to rule them all, one ring to find them, one ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them." Indeed, this was the One Ring
DETROIT 45 82 .354 27 1/2
however, Bofur points out to Bilbo that Sting is glowing
Aragorn was amused, and decided that the name of the lineage he founded would be "Telcontar", which translates as "Strider" in Quenya
The leaves were laurel-like, dark green above and bright silver beneath
Two weeks ago Taibe , coached by Pole Wojtek Lazarek , met Betar , a club closely associated with the right-wing Likud party , for the first time in a Cup match in Jerusalem .
Thalins armor is obviously of Dwarvish make, since Dwarves are notorious for forging their own weapons and armor, and disliking most of those not made by a Dwarf
In Amazon Studios series , Mordor and some of the areas around it in southern Rhovanion had been called the Southlands before the making of the Rings of Power and the One Ring
A. Stewart b Mushtaq Ahmed 44
The main Friday prayers in southern Jordan that were the starting point for the riots a week ago passed peacefully under tight security imposed by the army with only brief demonstrations reported .
Albion 2 Cowdenbeath 0
2. Maria Mutola ( Mozambique ) 2:29.66
The Men of Gondor were spared the folly of this choice when Denethors youngest son Faramir let Frodo and Sam continue to Mount Doom to destroy the One Ring
Japan 's Finance Minister Wataru Kubo told a news conference on Wednesday that he believes that the Bank of Japan 's ( BOJ ) interest rate policy which is geared towards ensuring economic growth has not changed after the release of the central bank 's " tankan " survey .
The men of Stangard refuse to aid her with the sole exception of Horn, who helps the player take Nona into the Golden Wood to the north, where Nonas life is saved by Lady Galadriel
As far back as the Elder Days, before the destruction of Beleriand at the conclusion of War of Wrath, primitive tribes of Men known as the Forodwaith had lived around the shores of the Icebay. Their descendants, known as the Snowmen, or Lossoth, were still living on the shores of the bay in the Third Age and beyond
Tunisia 's main opposition party on Saturday announced that it had been ousted from its headquarters building by a court decision for failing to pay the rent .
The Quenya translation of Legolas is "Laiqualassë"
" I knew he had problems with something , " Edberg said . "
Torozûl was created for "The Lord of the Rings Strategy Battle Game" and is therefore non-canonical
They said dead included five refugees from the Indian-ruled part of Kashmir , where Moslem militants have waged a separatist revolt since early 1990 .
3/4 - Qiang Hong / Liu Lu ( China ) 10-15 17-14 17-16
After this defeat, most of Durins Folk abandoned the Grey Mountains
GENEVA 1996-08-30
10. George Hincapie ( U.S. ) Motorola same time
SOCCER - ROMANIA BEAT LITHUANIA IN WORLD CUP QUALIFIER .
Meanwhile, Sarumans use of a palantír caught the Dark Lords notice and he used the Ithil-stone to ensnare him, turning him into a useful, yet not wholly trustworthy, minion
Mikael Tillstrom ( Sweden ) vs qualifier
Gothmog separated Fingon from the main host but was unable to kill Fingon until another Balrog appeared behind the Ñoldorin king and "cast a throng of steel about him"
The name Rhûn is Sindarin for east, as opposed to the Quenya "romen"
He will not be considered for a test match against Australia starting on October 10 in New Delhi , the United News of India said .
- 4 Greg Norman ( Australia ) through 8
1. Ian Woosnam 480,618 pounds sterling
LONDON 1996-08-22
The Orocarni (also called the Red Mountains) was a mountain range in the far north-east of Middle-earth made by the Valar after Melkor destroyed the Two Lamps
From his mighty fortress of Angband, Morgoth used this base from which to launch his attacks on the peoples of Beleriand
Western Reds 21 6 1 14 297 398 13
The daily Le Monde reported on Wednesday some separatist movements were considering taking their attacks to the French mainland on the principle that " 300 grammes of explosives on the continent have more impact than 300 kilos in Corsica " .
THURSDAY , AUGUST 29TH SCHEDULE
KIEV 1996-08-26
JERUSALEM 1996-08-29
Much of the film was shot on location in Dublin with Jordan using thousands of its citizens as unpaid extras .
The appearance of the helm was magnificent; it was adorned with gold on the background of grey steel
12 - Todd Martin ( U.S. ) vs. Younnes El Aynaoui ( Morocco )
Bill Ferny sold them Bill for twelve silver pennies, which was three times his real value
Following the Scouring of the Shire, the Party Tree was replaced by a mallorn, and Bagshot Row was restored and became "New Row"
His Orc armies continued to grow in Mordor whilst he forged alliances with the Easterlings in the east; the Haradrim and Variags in the south; as well as Dunlendings through his thrall Saruman
Dole 's remarks prompted questions about whether he was seeking a ban on cigarettes . "
It said Australian Sister Maureen Carey , 52 , and Italian Brother Raniero Iacomella , 28 , were held inside the compound .
COLOMBO 1996-08-23
The chairman of the local council , Damian Ejiohuo , said drugs had been rushed to the area to quell the disease and the community needed a safer source of drinking water to prevent future outbreaks .
"Áre "- Quenya word for Sunlight
As for his wife Emeldir, she parted from Barahir when she became the leader of the women and children of Bëors folk that fled Dorthonion
He said former PSG team mate David Ginola , who now plays for English premier league Newcastle , was influential in his move to Scotland .
New Zealand Cricket said the Sri Lankans would play tests in Hamilton and Wellington and one-dayers in Auckland , Christchurch and Dunedin , following hard on the heels of a tour by England .
Fernandez ( 6-13 ) allowed two runs , walked one and struck out eight for his second career complete game , both against Montreal .
5. Erik Dekker ( Netherlands ) Rabobank 1:23
As Arien was the "Guardian of the Sun", she was one of the most loved of the Maiar by mortal Men, as her first journey across the sky was the signal of the Awakening of Men
2. Juha Kankkunen ( Finland ) Toyota Celica 12 seconds
" We had two very strong economic reports , " said David Shulman , Salomon Bros . '
On Moscow 's foreign policy , Rosati said it had changed its stance on NATO 's eastward expansion and was preparing itself for Poland 's inevitable entry into the Western alliance .
Though grievously besieged, the heavily fortified hill did not fall, and Maedhros himself accomplished deeds of surpassing valor during the fighting
Oleg, also known as Lúthien, was a Ñoldorin Elf in earlier versions of J.R.R. Tolkiens legendarium
During the War of the Ring, he was chosen by his lord for his natural ability to breed, tame, and train Wargs in Isengard
Former South African captain Giles Bonnet was named by the South African Hockey Association on Wednesday as the new coach of the men 's national side .
LONDON 1996-08-25
King Théoden led the army of Rohan through this vale to aid Gondor
5. Peter Dirkx ( Belgium ) KTM
SEATTLE AT BOSTON
As the forces of Isengard approached, Gamling and his men drove back the advance guard, then pulled back from Helms Dike and entered the stronghold of the Hornburg
Ñoldor is a Quenya word meaning those with knowledge
7. Damon Hill ( Britain ) Williams 1:55.281
LONDON 1996-08-22
Amon Darthir is from the Sindarin words "amon "meaning steep-sloped mountain and "dartha "meaning to endure
The pith of a fallen world is that the best cant be accomplished by free delight or "self-acknowledgment" (another name for liberality) however by foreswearing and enduring
Nonetheless, the line of Isildur was maintained through the Chieftain of the Rangers of the North
At the end of each week, the wins would be tallied by "Althamus", and "Victory Points" would be awarded to each side to determine who was winning over all
After Sauron was defeated, Dáins son Thorin III Stonehelm and Bard II, the new King of Dale, defeated the Easterlings
Eli Kent is a New Zealand actor who portrayed Lethuin in ""
Asked what India would do if the pact were forwarded to the United Nations General Assembly , Gujral said : " That bridge I will cross when I come to it . "
Schumacher won the race in 1 hour 28 minutes 15.125 seconds at an average speed of 208.442 km / hour ( 130 m.p.h. ) .
There were many stretches of sun-scorched desert in Near Harad, but like Africa there was supposedly a jungle beyond it which few had ever ventured to, from which the great Oliphaunts were found. Tolkien also said that the Haradrim loosely corresponded to the (though "Haradrim" refers to a group of many races, not just the one)
6. Zhanna Pintusevich ( Ukraine ) 11.27
The Briton , who lost his World Boxing Council ( WBC ) title to Mike Tyson in March , said : " I was in shock as soon as he told me and it still has n't really sunk in .
Galathil was a Sindarin elf of Doriath
( N. Fairbrother 86 , M. Watkinson 64 ; D. Gough 4-53 ) and 210-5
Zimbabwe fires striking civil servants .
He married Dina Diggle and they had two children, Adalgar and Adaldrida Brandybuck
Morgoth, returning to Middle-earth with the Silmarils before his pursuers the Ñoldor, quickly occupied his strongholds of old in the far north and resumed his plans for conquest
The Fellowship spent its first night in Lothlórien on flets (wooden platforms) built onto the upper branches of several adjacent mallorn trees
( Yugoslavia ) 1 ( 1-0 )
8. Michael Schumacher ( Germany ) 1:55.333
66 Gavin Levenson ( South Africa )
Next Series match : India v Zimbabwe , September 1 .
In the process, Frodo puts it on to escape him
281 John Cook 70 69 71 71
The silver crown was known to many outside Gondor; Gollum remembered being told of it as a child, despite being born long after the ending of the kings
According to Komarica , 2,400 male residents of Srebrenica work in the Trepca mine and 1,900 work in a mine in Aleksandrovac .
He ran to Boromirs aid, but arrived too late, as did the battle-worn Legolas and Gimli shortly thereafter
China was the last declared nuclear power to announce a halt to testing .
Hijacked Sudanese plane leaves Cyprus for Britain .
There, Hadors people became numerous; and he encouraged the use of the Sindarin tongue
Stallone , fiancee have baby girl .
Needing allies, Gondor granted the Northmen lands south of Greenwood the Great hoping they would stand against the Easterlings in support of Gondor
theonering.com Appendix E of "The Lord of the Rings" describes and explains various writing-forms and spelling-patterns of different peoples in the Second and Third Ages
Birmingham 's Gary Breen was selected ahead of Phil Babb in defence , while 18-year-old Ian Harte makes his international competitive debut .
Edna Fernandes
Bob Wickman ( 6-1 ) pitched 2 2/3 hitless innings for the win , his second for the Brewers .
The first forum founded for the purpose of leading the Free Peoples was Cheeseweb (which still exists as a large community forum), but disagreements made some players form their own
The films website gives this synopsis: "Tolkien’s mysterious, haunted barrow-downs appear in the Fellowship of the Ring and they are explored further in the appendices
George Garang , Nairobi spokesman for the Sudan People 's Liberation Army ( SPLA ) , said it was urgently trying to contact SPLA commander Nuour Marial at Mapourdit in the south to free the six .
The Steward pleaded for help from Gondors old allies; as a large army of Easterling Balchoth had invaded the province of Calenardhon and threatened to overrun it
"King of the West" was a title taken by Aragorn II Elessar on his accession to the throne of Gondor, signifying his kingship over all the Free Peoples of the West, from north to south
Penalties : Preston 2 .
The Great Hall of Thingol was a large pillared hall in the underground city of Menegroth
In "The Two Towers", Gandalf causes "a flash as if lightning had cloven the roof" to knock Wormtongue to the floor, briefly unconscious
Nice 1 ( Debbah 39th ) Bastia 1 ( Drobnjak 82nd ) .
The boxes will be made on a build-to-order basis .
Calimehtar assembled his army and Marhwini prepared an éored
MOSCOW 1996-08-31
His chosen royal name (Ar-Gimilzôr) was Adûnaic
- Iraq denounces violation of airspace by U.S. warplanes .
" We do n't support any such recommendation because we do n't see any grounds for it , " the Commission 's chief spokesman Nikolaus van der Pas told a news briefing .
He added : " It 's very sad to beat Henry Candy because I am godfather to his daughter . "
Chaminda Vaas , Muthiah Muralitharan , Upul Chandana .
" The United States reiterates its full commitment to the implementation " of the accords signed by the two countries in 1994 and 1995 , said the statement by spokesman Glyn Davies .
The Sindar additionally referred to him as Tauron, which means "Lord of the Forests" and "The Forester." It is possible that the name comes from Sindarin "taur" ("forest") or Quenya "taure" ("great wood")
The opening titles feature a variant theme for the House of Durin (The House of Durin theme) played along with the One Ring themes harmonies to set the tone for the subsequent films
Finrod was friendly with Turgon and the House of Fingolfin. He opposed Fëanor and the Oath when he sought to return to Middle-earth to recover the Silmarils from Morgoth, but chose not to be parted with his friends and so he followed his father and his House and the House of Fingolfin
Cologne 0 Hansa Rostock 2 ( Akpoborie 5th and 59th ) .
Health officials said on Thursday they were investigating the discovery of an amputated foot on a beach near Charleston to determine whether a local surgeon had improperly disposed of infectious waste .
Lossoth, or the Snowmen of Forochel, was the name of a race of Men living mainly on the shores of the Icebay of Forochel
However, when Elu Thingol of Doriath, who was the king of the Sindar (Elves of the Telerin line who remained in Beleriand instead of journeying to Valinor) learned about their slaying of the Teleri, he forbade the use of Quenya in all his realm
CONAKRY 1996-08-22
Brunswijk , who led a rebel group against the military regime of Desi Bouterse in the late 1980s , is now a successful businessman with mining and logging interests .
Diluted EPS - vs -
Brad Dorfman
Fox said the British government wanted an end to the alleged harassment of its nationals at Dhaka airport by customs officials .
After Tulkas finally subdued Melkor, Aulë set his Tilkal creations on him which caused them to glow red when they touched him
Mushtaq Ahmed 37-10-78-6 , Aamir Sohail 2-1-4-0 , Mohammad Akram
Thorondors folk later removed their eyries to the Crissaegrim, part of the Echoriath about Gondolin
" The starting of this production base in China has for our group an undoubted strategic value , representing an important enhancement of our presence in Asia , " said Pirelli SpA chairman and chief executive officer Marco Tonchetti Provera .
Bows in Middle-earth were chiefly used by the Elves, but other peoples had archers such as the people of Gondor and Rohan, the Rangers of the North, Dwarves, and even Hobbits
Paul Haarhuis ( Netherlands ) beat Michael Joyce ( U.S ) 6-7
Daschle was a key player in President Bill Clinton 's failed attempt at sweeping healthcare changes but when he became minority leader he declared he would be no water-carrier for the White House .
4. Heli Rantanen ( Finland ) 62.78
Sauron used the Ithil-stone to take advantage of the users of the other two stones, the Orthanc-stone and Anor-stone but was also susceptible to deception himself
However, other types of Undead appear as well such as: Skeletons, Zombies (or more Draugr like zombies), Shades/Ghosts, Lichs (Undead necromancers)
After swearing an Oath to recover the Silmarils at any and all costs, they and their father led the Ñoldor from Valinor to Beleriand in pursuit of Morgoth, who had stolen Fëanors greatest work, the Silmarils
SALANG TUNNEL , Afghanistan 1996-08-29
The Hill-men gained control of the Kingdom of Rhudaur around TA 1300 and allied themselves with the Witch-king of Angmar, who ruled on the Men of Carn Dûm, joining his war against the Dúnedain of Arnor
These should be "mighty, peers of Sauron, yet forgo might, and clothe themselves in flesh," as they were intended to help Men and Elves unite against Sauron, but the Wizards were forbidden from matching the Dark Lord in power and fear
After Ar-Pharazôn broke the Ban of the Valar by sending an army to Aman to conquer the Valar and obtain immortality from them, the Valar laid down their guardianship of the world and called upon Eru Ilúvatar, who responded with this great cataclysm that forever changed the world
There was forged a storehouse of weapons and other items
Anna Kournikova ( Russia ) beat Ludmila Richterova ( Czech Republic ) 7-6 ( 7-4 ) 6-3
In the movies, the runes say "Turgon Aran Gondolin, Tortha gar a matha Glamdring, Vegil Glamdring gud daelo
Their language was a dialect of Sindarin
Gyaicain told the royal visitor increased cooperation between Nepal and Tibet was possible in the fields of trade , tourism , communications and sports , it said .
Indeed, four of the seven rings gifted to the Dwarves were consumed by dragon fire
Unwins firm readers (Edward Crankshaw), who was not particularly enamored by the pieces
5. Fabien Giroix ( France ) / Jean-Denis Deletraz ( Switzerland )
SOCCER - DUTCH DRAW 2-2 WITH BRAZIL IN FRIENDLY INTERNATIONAL .
In the middle of his gardens was set a ring of shadowy cypress reaching high above the cauldron Silindrin where Irmo, gazing upon it, saw many visions of mystery pass upon its face
"Took" is pronounced like Luke, not book
Later on, the Main Gate was breached when Grond was finally used against it and the Witch-king of Angmar entered on horseback, the only enemy to successfully enter in three thousand years
In the meantime the Last Alliance of Elves and Men was formed and Saurons forces were defeated in the Battle of Dagorlad
During Battle of the Black Gate the remaining eight Nazgûl, mounted on Fellbeasts, attacked the Army of the West
Three plugged water injection wells on the Heidrun oilfield off mid-Norway will be reopened over the next month , operator Den Norske Stats Oljeselskap AS ( Statoil ) said on Thursday .
What we like would be Seles , ( Olympic champion Lindsay ) Davenport and Mary Joe Fernandez . "
Of J.R.R. Tolkiens mythology, McBride depicted particularly many dragons, Orcs, and other evil beings
The remaining people became entrenched in the hill region, Tyrn Gorthad (the Barrow-downs)
He lived in the Lonely Mountain
-- Chicago newsdesk , 312 408-8787
Amon Ethir meant Hill of spies in Sindarin
Thus Men would become the implements by which Ilúvatars plans for Arda will be realized in the ages to come
In the film ", upon arrival at the forest border of Mirkwood, Gandalf discovers Black Speech graffiti imprinted on an old ruin, coinciding with a telepathic message from Galadriel imploring him to investigate the tombs of the Nazgûl
2. Kocinski 38:19.313
The symbol of Gondolins House of the Harp was a silver harp, as well as the tassels (mingled with Gold) they wore
Purist edits of the "Hobbit" movies have been created by Leon Baradat, aka "Boffer Balsashield", inspired by Sharkeys purist editions, and called "provisional" because they were created before the extended editions came out: They were later redone using the extended editions (and in a higher resolution), and moving a few scenes between movies to bring them more in line with the book: Ogres were a race mentioned only once, in "The Hobbit"
Elanors family follow their tribe eastward across Rhovanion, from Norfield Glen to the Braids and into the woods beyond, where she, Poppy, and Malva Meadowgrass are attacked by three strange wolves while foraging for food
When news spread about the fall of Sauron, the Easterlings became demoralized and retreated, and the sons of Brand and Dáin let their army out of Erebor to break the encirclement
The men of Rhovanion were known as the Northmen
5. Leah Pells ( Canada ) 4:09.95
1. Tortelli 432 points
He is Ajax 's sixth new signing this year , joining midfielder Richard Witschge , defenders John Veldman and Mariano Juan and strikers Tijjani Babangida and Dani .
219 Eamonn Darcy ( Ireland ) 74 76 69 , Bob May ( U.S. ) 74 75 70 ,
With almost all of his men killed, Isildur put the Ring on his finger in the hope of eluding the Orcs as the Ring made him invisible
Iran 's deputy representative to the United Nations , Majid Takht Ravanchi , made the allegations in a letter to U.N. Secretary-General Boutros Boutros-Ghali on Friday , the agency said .
This "hill" was not a geographical formation but rather a gigantic mound of all the corpses and weapons of the Elves and Edain that fell during the Nírnaeth Arnoediad
There were recesses carved into the walls, filled with broken chests of wood
Soury is among the survivors who escapes Lake-towns destruction and pledges his loyalty to Bard after he kills the dragon with the last Black Arrow
One reason he missed his child was for the will to accomplish it
The Wainriders and Balchoth were factions of the Easterlings in the Third Age
Legolas tells her not to kill the Orc archer as he might be able to help them
Imran Khan ( Pakistan ) 362 , 88
Economist Alonso Cervera said the revisions were chiefly fueled by stronger than expected growth of 7.2 percent in the second quarter and he forecast an annual GDP rise of 6.1 percent in the third quarter and 4.9 percent in Q4 .
After Eärnils victory, he and his army moved north to assail the Wainriders, who believing they were now victorious over Gondor were busy feasting and celebrating in their camp
August 29, 1958) is an English actor and comedian who portrays Sadoc Burrows, a Harfoot, in
It was in appearance similar to the Gate of Silver, save, as the names referenced, made of gold instead of silver
Meneldil was the first King of Gondor who ruled independently from the High Kingdom of the Dúnedain, Arnor
Pippin was among the army of the West, which was led by Aragorn
47-10-116-2 , Cork 23-5-71-1 , Salisbury 29-3-116-1
Two security officials and two state-paid village guards were killed in the fighting with Kurdistan Workers Party ( PKK ) guerrillas , the agency quoted the emergency rule governor 's office as saying .
Wilimar Bolger was a hobbit of the Shire
Scott Erickson ( 8-10 ) laboured to his third straight win .
The name Alcarin means "Glorious" in Quenya
Nasmith is also an accomplished guitarist and tenor
Hwaldar and his men were all slain
BEIRUT 1996-08-22
Perhaps the earliest full tale of J.R.R. Tolkiens, "The Fall of Gondolin", was written during a leave of absence from the World War I, in the year 1916
Yeltsin shown on Russian television .
The Orcs feared the Sun and were weakened by it and rarely travelled under it
U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee chairman Arlen Specter , who has questioned whether Defence Secretary William Perry should resign over the latest bombing in Saudi Arabia , met Saudi officials on Monday during a brief visit to the kingdom .
Dagor Dagorath and second song of Illuvatar
It is an exclusive source for a portion of Tolkiens Sindarin and Quenya words
Overseas Development Minister Lynda Chalker said a recent census had shown most Montserratians wanted to remain on the island . "
Elrond wields Hadhafang (Arwens sword in "The Fellowship of the Ring") and is accompanied by Lindir
-- Bombay newsroom +91-22-265 9000
Fréaláf was content to have such a strong ally in the west against the Dunlendings as Saruman, for the Rohirrim had suffered great loss of men and horses during the hard winter
They found the caves interior filthy, with bones on the floor and a nasty smell, but the cave was a treasure-trove that housed all the trolls plunder, from brass buttons to pots full of gold coins
In "The Lord of the Rings Online", in his last moments, Arvedui despaired and cursed himself for his pride in ignoring the warning of the Lossoth
CRICKET - ENGLAND 326 AND 74-0 ; PAKISTAN 521-8 DECLARED .
During his rule, Gandalf entered Dol Guldur and discovered that it was Sauron who ruled there as he long had feared, and not the Witch-king of Angmar his servant
The word Dagorlad means "Battle plain", from the Sindarin "dagor" ("battle") and "lad" ("plain, valley")
In the War of the Ring, almost all Rohirric settlements came under attack; most were either destroyed or at least abandoned
In Prague : Sparta Prague ( Czech Republic ) 8 Glentoran
( Hungary 1 ( 0-0 )
Men 's singles , third round 13 - Thomas Enqvist ( Sweden ) beat Pablo Campana ( Ecuador ) 6-4 6-4 6-2
The area is patrolled by U.S. , French and British planes .
Taliska would be the ancestor of Adûnaic, the later tongue of Númenor, and of the Common Speech
The Ainur, angelic beings from the Timeless Halls beyond Eä, referred to it as "the Little Kingdom"
He said Ibrahim was still in Amman .
76 71 , Paul Goydos 66 75 74 71 , Ernie Els ( South Africa ) 71 71
" From a common-sense view , the department should reconsider this plan , but due to politics they will probably go ahead with this , " said Tom Bellamore of the California avocado group .
Mauritius win 2-1 on aggregate
Three of them are transformed into "monsters" by being denied the Gift of Men by sins that they have committed: the Lord of the Nazgûl (and all of the Nazgûl), the King of the Dead, and Sméagol
DUBAI 1996-08-25
2. Merlene Ottey ( Jamaica ) 10.94
TVX and Kinross rose after recent buy recommendations from U.S. brokers , analysts said .
British officials said they would much prefer to deal with a hijacking at Stansted because of its relatively remote location and because air traffic would be less badly disrupted there than at Heathrow or Gatwick .
MEXICO CITY 1996-08-26
During the migration, these Men separated in two hosts: one moved north and reached the Sea of Rhûn, while the other moved southwest
The road was located about five miles south of Ferry Lane were it split off from the main road
Oropher and Amdír, Sindar Elves, chafing under the command of the Ñoldorin Gil-galad, prematurely charged at the enemy and were driven back, and Amdír along with many Galadhrim Warriors died in the Dead Marshes
The Cirth alphabet originally had nineteen characters which was sufficient for the Sindarin language
RUGBY UNION - SOUTH AFRICA BEAT ALL BLACKS 32-22 .
Cleverly, Bilbo flatters Smaug into displaying his underbelly, revealing an open patch in Smaug’s "diamond waistcoat" above his left breast
Gandalf and Thráin are then attacked by Azog (and a few of his servants) who reveals his hordes of Orcs and Wargs inside the castle preparing for war
"Edain "- See "Adan" "Edhel" - Sindarin for elf
A. Stewart lbw b Waqar Younis 48
The city is up for negotiation at final peace talks which have yet to resume under Netanyahu .
13. Paul Lawrie 207,990
CLEVELAND AT TEXAS
" I feel I 'm hitting the ball well even though I 'm having more mental letdowns than I did last week , " O'Brien said . "
Tim Belcher ( 12-8 ) was tagged for six runs and nine hits in eight innings .
Her official programme will begin on Monday , and she will leave that day for Bolivia to attend a Latin American summit meeting in the city of Cochabamba .
The speaker of the Belarus parliament , Semyon Sharetsky , told Reuters that a draft constitution , due to be put to a national referendum on November 7 , would dangerously increase the powers of the ruler .
Allensbach April 17 38.1 32.3 6.5 12.9 6.3
Martin Damm ( Czech Republic ) beat Adrian Voinea ( Romania ) 5-7
"All that is gold does not glitter," "Not all those who wander are lost;" "The old that is strong does not wither," "Deep roots are not reached by the frost." "From the ashes a fire shall be woken," "A light from the shadows shall spring;" "Renewed shall be blade that was broken," "The crownless again shall be king." The poem is first given in the letter left for Frodo by Gandalf in Bree
" President Saddam Hussein stressed during the meeting Iraq 's keenness to maintain friendship and cooperation with Russia , " the papers said .
DHAKA 1996-08-27
As told in the last section of "The Silmarillion", Celebrimbor is killed after protecting his forged rings of power from Sauron
Veteran Italian Gianni Bugno has been cleared of doping after testing positive for high levels of testosterone during the Tour of Switzerland in June , the Italian cycling federation said on Tuesday .
He told the company to leave their weapons behind, by order of Gríma Wormtongue, before entering the Kings hall
I think it will be more physically challenging and we 'll have to go up against more diverse situations due to the terrain , " said Dr. Michael Stroud , a veteran Eco-Challenge participant .
ACC 's own export performance was marginally better than in 1994/95 on account of a 36 percent rise in exports to Nepal and the opening of a new market - Sri Lanka , he said .
The original sense of the word seems to be "bogey", , that is, something that provokes fear, as seen in the Quenya cognate "urko", pl
Lumbar was made by Varda in preparation for the Awakening of the Elves from the silver dews of Telperion stored in the Wells of Varda
The only occurrences of Hobbits speaking in other tongues as if naturally are the times in "The Return of the King" when Frodo and Sam find themselves invoking Elbereth out loud, or when Frodo cries the Quenya phrase "Aiya elenion ancalima! "to break the spell of the Watchers at the Tower of Cirith Ungol
BUENOS AIRES , Argentina 1996-08-29
Yeltsin endorses Lebed Chechnya peace plan - agency .
U.S. , French and British aircraft have safeguarded the Iraqi Kurdish population against aggression from Baghdad since shortly after the Gulf War in 1991 .
In ", Aragorns special heavy attack is "Wave of Undead", with which he summons several Dead Men to attack an enemy for a very brief time
At Headingley : Match drawn .
HONG KONG 1996-08-30
It is seen in the game "", when he is attacking Éowyn and Berethors party, who has joined with Éowyn against the mighty Lord of the Nazgûl
It served as the home of Anárion, as Minas Ithil, built to guard against Mordor, became the dwelling-place of Isildur
SYDNEY 1996-08-22
Few Elves or Men save those who were captured and enslaved safely passed through the Gates, save for Beren and Lúthien who passed by stealth and enchantments
282 Corey Pavin 73 70 70 69
They proceed to Erebor to bargain with Thorin; Bard wants to resolve the conflict without going to war, however, Thorin refuses to negotiate due to being consumed by the gold sickness that once plagued his grandfather
9. Johan Capiot ( Belgium ) Collstrop 32
It serves as a compendium of evil beings of Middle-earth, from the works of J.R.R. Tolkien
Its appearance - a single-edged weapon with a somewhat curved pommel - is also somewhat reminiscent of Hadhafang, the blade wielded by both Arwen and Elrond in "The Lord of the Rings" film trilogy
The name Caradhras means "Red horn", from the Sindarin words "carad" ("red") and "ras" ("horn")
Bosnian Vice President Ejup Ganic , a Moslem , told the refugees : " We have a message for the Serbs who are now in our homes not to plan the future of their children there because there will be no good fortune in that . "
Windbeam was the name given to the great horn of Elendil
Kíli is distinguished as the only member of the Company who carries a bow (unlike in the book, which implies more than one Dwarf had a bow), and he is shown to have proficient aim, taking out several Wargs when the Company are attacked on their way to Rivendell
Naasiyahs willpower of 1 is pretty weak for her to be used for questing regularly
Nivrim was Sindarin word that meant West March
The Elves called that time Days of Flight as many fled to Lindon where Sauron could not enter, and thence over the Sea to the Uttermost West. Eventually Tar-Minastir sent ships to Lindon, responding to Gil-galads plea
However, Morgoth acted in order to corrupt Men when they were still in the east of Middle-earth, thus some of them chose to move westward seeking the rumored Great Sea and the Light found there
2. Patrick Sang ( Kenya ) 8:12.04
Chalmers ( Australia ) , Miguel Angel Martin ( Spain ) ,
SOCCER - AZERBAIJAN BEAT SWITZERLAND IN WORLD CUP QUALIFIER .
R. Tolkien", Letter 198, 19 June 1957) Kirill Yeskov (Russian: "Кирилл Еськов") is a Russian paleonthologist and writer
The path led under Dwimorberg, and was haunted by the spirits of Men of the mountain of the Third Age
" We have found dead people , " said Rune Hansen , the island 's deputy governor , told Norwegian television .
79 Tom Watson
He played a significant role in the Battle of Bywater and fought alongside his father
U.S. base metals and scrap prices - August 26 .
Arsenal 3 2 0 1 4 2 6
Doriath was ultimately defeated, and its marchwardens along with it
The Texan blasted in two aces to hold serve at 5-2 and then converted his eighth match point for victory when Washington found the net with another backhand from 40-0 .
With new apprehension, the prince shows Elrond a shockingly plentiful, unentered chasm of mithril veins, but the king finds them there, upon which he expels Elrond from Khazad-dûm
The victim was Dai Houying , who wrote about China 's 1966-76 leftist Cultural Revolution and the lives of Chinese intellectuals , the official said .
The ship from which he jumped overboard was the last ship of Elves to leave from Edhellond, which was deserted from then on, although remembered in the traditions of Men in Gondor
The novel "Beren and Lúthien"" "uses material from the later versions of the Quenta Noldorinwa which explains that "by the treachery of certain Elves on whom the lust of the accursed treasure had fallen they [dwarves] passed through into Doriath in secret." It appears Christopher Tolkien has taken a new route to explain how the Dwarves bypassed the veil (a thorn in J.R.R. Tolkien struggled with trying to explain and had several theories, including the inside help from Ufedhin, but never settled on one.) Isembold Took was a Hobbit of the Shire
One player controls all the Free Peoples of Middle-earth, as well as the Fellowship of the Ring, while the other controls all forces of evil (called "The Shadow")
Kurdish guerrillas killed two people and took three hostage after stopping two intercity buses at a roadblock in eastern Turkey , security officials said on Tuesday .
6. John Mayock ( Britain ) 3:33.94
Frerin was a Dwarf of Durins Folk
The Fallohides and the Stoors joined them in TA 1150
Celebrimbor named them Vilya, Narya, and Nenya after the principal Middle-earth elements of air, fire and water, respectively
65 Eamonn Darcy ( Ireland ) , Per Nyman ( Sweden ) , Russell Claydon ,
Indis a Vanyarin Elf-maiden of Valinor and second wife of Finwë, King of the Ñoldor
seedings ) :
4. Pavel Buran ( Czech Republic )
As of 1980, however, the sections of the book pertaining to Elvish are outdated and in many places inaccurate, specifically in the area of learning Quenya and of comparisons between Quenya and Sindarin
Iran says five spy networks destroyed , 41 held .
It is used during the scene in the Gallery of Kings, in which the Dwarves unsuccessfully attempt to drown Smaug with molten gold
" We 'll be concentrating ... on supporting the president as he is on the trip and making significant public policy statements related to some of his plans for the future , " said White House Press Secretary Mike McCurry .
His books on environmental activism include "The Whale War" (1987) and "Eco Wars: A Laymans Guide to the Ecology Movement" (1989)
San Diego-based IVAC is a major provider of infusion systems and related technologies to the health-care industry .
" His condition is serious , " said Rimma Maslova , deputy chief doctor of Hospital No 31 in the Russian capital . "
As the Mewlips were likely a misremembering of Orcs or Trolls and because the poem describes a location similar to Mirkwood, it is possible that they were a fictitious version of real places were Orcs dwelt, like the Misty Mountains or the Grey Mountains
He also called for the first general strike in two years in the West Bank and Gaza on Thursday .
He gave Beregond and Peregrin Took the last of the winters store of bread, butter, cheese, apples, a flagon of new-drawn ale, and the wooden platters and cups they needed to eat
Berlex filed a lawsuit against Biogen in U.S. District Court in Newark , N.J. in July , but Biogen had already filed a suit against Berlex in Massachusetts in May .
Traders in Shanghai said on Thursday they were unaware of movements out of the Shanghai bonded warehouses .
His father-name was Nelyafinwë ("Finwë the Third"), from the Quenya "nelya" ("third") and its shorter form was Nelyo
Perhaps the greatest testament to the legacy of Hador was that which was later written about his descendants: "The Men of the Three Houses throve and multiplied, but greatest among them was the house of Hador Goldenhead, peer of Elven-lords
Protector of the Common Folk is the thirteenth soundtrack of
China held on July 29 what it said would be its last nuclear test before a self-imposed moratorium that took effect the following day .
The Second Battle of Dagorlad was fought in TA 1899 between the army of King Calimehtar of Gondor and the Wainriders
He continued defending the Hornburg, sortieing alone at night to stalk and kill Dunlendings with his bare hands
Some overseas investors might shy away from buying U.S. stocks and bonds or even sell them when the dollar is weakening .
Mark Ealham 1 2 0 30 25 15.00
Diplomats explain the purpose of this electoral engineering is to secure Serb control over pivotal towns inside the 49 per cent of Bosnia known as the Serb republic , consolidating through the ballot box what was initially taken in war .
Gold fixed at $ 388.50 versus Tuesday 's London close of $ 388.55 .
Both were destroyed along with the Two Lamps when Melkor returned from the outer darkness to bring ruin to the Valars works and as a result of this, the Great Lake was scuttled and destroyed after Melkor threw down the Two Lamps
These runes were written with a silver pen and could only be seen under the light of the moon
The Fallohides were one of the three breeds of hobbits
Suddenly, Elven swordsmen jump from behind the Dwarven shield wall into the first line of Orcs, who wield mostly swords and axes
He composed the poem "All that is Gold Does Not Glitter" for Aragorn as well as a much longer poem about Eärendil during his stay at Rivendell
The officials said New Party Sakigake President Masayoshi Takemura , finance minister until the beginning of this year , promised his resignation in a meeting with the politician who set off the rebellion in the smallest coalition member .
Later, in the War of the Ring, Variags marched with the forces of Sauron to Minas Tirith, and took part in the Battle of the Pelennor Fields
BANGKOK 1996-08-22
The Grubb family was an important and wealthy family of Hobbits in the Shire distantly related to the Bagginses
Aamir Sohail 6-1-17-0
Jeerasak Densakul , 24 , was arrested in 1995 when he was found with 11 slabs of cannabis weighing 2.2 kg ( 4.8 pounds ) , the CNB said .
The people of Kalimban, the "Kalimbardi", were known as savage barbarians, hostile to the Elves and Men of Leithian
Eight killed in Moscow casino blaze .
Officials said Humberto Hueite Zyrecha and his wife Jetty Kors , both 50 , were kidnapped late Saturday or early Sunday .
Also omitted from the 20-man squad which will travel to Vaduz for Saturday 's group eight match are central defenders Alan Kernaghan and Liam Daish .
The former Soviet Union was displaced as contractor of the potentially rich Shabwa oilfields once it collapsed in December 1991 , according to the International Petroleum Encyclopedia .
Along with his father and brothers Delin and Lúthien, Golfin led the host of the Gnomes to the Great Lands, and his banner had "upon gold a silver sword"
Scotland 's Jim Telfer was officially confirmed on Thursday as assistant coach for the British Lions tour to South Africa next year .
MANILA 1996-08-31
After returning to Arda from the Outer Darkness with his allies through the Door of Night, Melkor created the Iron Mountains and behind these walls safe from the light of the northern lamp Illuin he delved the great fortress of Utumno
The forces of good fight fiercely, but the goblins and Wargs are just as fierce
Tolkien bemoaned that the globe was getting littler, more blunt, and compliment, anticipating American sanitation, assurance zip, womans rights, and large scale manufacturing presented all around, which would at any rate chop down travel
In the first edition of "The Fellowship of the Ring", J.R.R. Tolkiens foreword claimed he had translated the Red Book from the original Westron into , and it therefore must be supposed that copies of the book survived through several Ages
In Kansas City , Travis Fryman doubled in the go-ahead run in the fifth and Melvin Nieves and Damion Easley belted two-run homers as the Detroit Tigers claimed a 10-3 win over the Royals , handing them their fifth straight loss .
4 - Kimiko Date ( Japan ) beat Yone Kamio ( Japan ) 6-2 7-5
They learned that strangers from the South had come to settle in and around Bree, much to the discomfort of the peace-loving Men and Hobbits indigenous to the region
However, in "", he becomes more determined to gain the Arkenstone and the treasure
With song he exercised authority over Old Man Willow and the supernatural Barrow-wights
There was a secret closet that could only be found with the aid of Gimli; it contained the original Elendilmir, which had presumed to be lost forever when Isildur perished in the Gladden Fields, as well as a golden chain which was presumed to have once borne the One Ring
Chicago Cubs right fielder Sammy Sosa underwent surgery on Monday to remove a fractured bone from his right hand and will miss four to six weeks , the club announced Tuesday .
1. Regina Jacobs ( U.S. ) 4 minutes 01.77 seconds
Arnaud Boetsch ( France ) vs. Nicolas Pereira ( Venezuela )
Mithrellas was a Sindarin name of unknown meaning
Promising 10th-ranked American Chanda Rubin has pulled out of the U.S. Open Tennis Championships with a wrist injury , tournament officials announced .
Ray Lankford went 4-for-5 with a pair of doubles for the Cardinals , who won for just the third time in 11 games .
The head of the gnome squad, Thorin, does not want to share wealth, but Bilbo gives up his share and gives Arkenstone to the people
These swords were used by high-ranking Elves during the Second and Third Ages
-- Jason Webb , Buenos Aires Newsroom +541 318-0655
- Israeli President Weizman invited Palestinian President Arafat to meet him at his private residence .
The letter from National Council of Christian Churches of Brazil and the Coordinate of Ecumenical Service was sent to President Fernando Henrique Cardoso after a seminar on endemic violence gripping rural Brazil .
Defenders - Stephane Henchoz ( Hamburg ) , Marc Hottiger ( Everton ) , Yvan Quentin ( Sion ) , Ramon Vega ( Cagliari ) Raphael Wicky ( Sion ) .
4 - Jacek Dembinski ( Widzew Lodz ) , Marcin Mieciel
3. Andy Ballace ( Britain ) / Olivier Grouillard ( France ) Harrods
On a players turn they are considered to be the Free Peoples player and their Fellowship is "active"
Bristol : Gloucestershire 183 ( J. Russell 50 ) , Northamptonshire 123-4 ( K. Curran 51 not out ) .
The feasting Wainriders suddenly found their success reversed, as Eärnil appeared with his Southern Army, reinforced by fleeing soldiers of Ondohers defeated northern army
After the sword was reforged Túrin renamed it "Gurthang," which meant "Iron of Death""." Túrin himself became known as "Mormegil," the "Black Sword""." Túrin used Gurthang to slay the dragon Glaurung
The 60-year-old Moslem cleric , jailed by Israel since 1989 , is serving a life sentence for ordering attacks by Hamas guerrillas against Israeli targets .
Dutch Queen Beatrix to visit S. Africa in October .
AMSTETTEN , Austria 1996-08-30
After their experience in Goblin-town when the company was pursued by Wargs and Orcs and forced to climb up into some trees, Nori was the first realize that Bilbo had been left on the ground and pointed him out to his brother Dori who rescued Bilbo
The book was written in 1974, at which time its full title was "The Languages of Middle-earth"
During the quest to reclaim Erebor from the dragon Smaug, many Moria Orcs gathered at the Sorcery Hill within the center of the stronghold, drawn to the presence of the Necromancer (Sauron)
Its second element "atan" is the root of "Atani", the ancient Quenya word for mankind
- 2 6-7 ( 5-7 ) 6-2 Tina Kirzan ( Slovakia ) beat Rika Hiraki ( Japan )
HOCKEY - BONNET TAKES OVER AS SOUTH AFRICAN COACH .
Shares in retailer Metro Holdings dropped 3.31 percent , or Singapore $ 0.20 , to S$ 5.85 minutes after the market opened on Monday .
Another of Tolkiens favorites was — and features of Welsh phonology found their way to Sindarin
Bilbo Gardner was a Hobbit of the Shire
Dole also said he opposed California Proposition 215 which , if approved by voters , would allow the cultivation of marijuana plants for medicinal uses .
LONDON 1996-08-23
Asked if Chelsea would have a prominent role in the campaign , White House spokesman Mike McCurry said : " She 'll do what she did today when she can .
The Stranger recovers his memory, however, and opposes the mystics, leading them to realize he is not Sauron, but one of the Istari
1 - Arantxa Sanchez Vicario ( Spain ) beat Katarina Studenikova
Nár took the pouch, turned, and fled
The Lieutenant then brought forth several items that had belonged to Frodo and Sam (Sams sword, an Elven cloak, and Frodos Mithril shirt)
That lawsuit , which seeks rescision and restitution , was dismissed in a U.S. district court .
Adrahil at once messaged Eärnil to inform him of the disaster and of the position of the retreating Northern Army
They will not rust, so long as they are kept in their sheaths, and had been "wrought with spells for the doom of Mordor." Belthronding and Dailir
The peace on Gondors frontiers was not to last forever: forty years later in TA 541 the Easterlings invaded once more, and Rómendacil rode to meet them in battle, but was slain
His name in Sindarin meant "Winter"
Another possibility is that Tom Bombadil represents a friend, or many friends of Tolkien; the absolute infallibility of the character presents the idea that Tolkien himself did not believe that his own creations could affect Bombadil, a trait that would be true of Tolkiens friends and family, though he would not entrust the "Ring" to Tom, suggesting that although he respects the ideas and opinions of his friends, he would not allow them to significantly change the path of the story
HOLZGERLINGEN , Germany 1996-08-25
Among the revelations are the fact that the gendarmerie was running a surveillance operation codenamed " Othello " against Dutroux in 1995 -- when both Julie and Melissa and An and Eefje were kidnapped .
Jailed Socialist leader Fatos Nano made the first call for change in July , a month after the party 's chief opponents , the conservative Democrats of President Sali Berisha , almost swept the board in a disputed general election .
Smyth ( Ireland ) 66 69 , David Carter 66 69 , Steve Webster
Hong Kong nabs blind 10-year-old illegal immigrant .
This technique, especially notable in the guitar and vocal tracks, creates the impression of a vast army of musicians playing in unison and singing in harmony
The king amassed the Great Armament in 3319, and embarked westward to attempt this, during which time Tar-Míriel ruled in his absence as Queen Regnant
Former businessman and soccer boss Bernard Tapie said that he would give up his seat in the National Assembly by Wednesday , the day a film by Claude Lelouche in which he stars opens in France .
His name is a Sindarin name that is composed of "ara" ("king, noble") and "had" ("hurl, throw")
After the destruction of Amon Sûl, the power of Arthedain to resist the army of Angmar was severely weakened
On his death, Tar-Palantirs nephew Ar-Pharazôn, son of Gimilkhâd forcibly usurped the throne and the Elendili were more vigorously oppressed
TEGUCIGALPA 1996-08-26
One of these peoples was the Northmen who lived in Rhovanion, and Gondor, ever needing allies, began acquainting themselves with these men by the mid Third Age
When Talion and his dominated army of Orcs and Olog-hai attack Barad-dûr, Celebrimbor dominates Isildur, but Talion disapproves, and kills Isildur to set him free
( Austria ) GT2 Konrad Porsche 911 164
Markets in central India would be closed for a local religious holiday on Wednesday .
The reign of Haleths grandfather King Gram would saw the continuation of hostilities with the Dunlendings that had begun under the reign of King Déor
He lost to Greg Norman in sudden death last year .
Ratbag was an Uruk who was rescued from punishment by the Ranger Talion and began to serve him, as a secret traitor in Saurons army
The Orcs of Saurons army used catapults during the Siege of Gondor to attack the city of Minas Tirith
In every year called "coranar" ("sun-round"; pl
Mountain-trolls were very large, larger than Hill-trolls, and had brownish skin.(Non-canon) Behaviour
Concurrently, Durin IV has discovered veins of a new ore in an old mine underneath Kheled-zâram to which Elrond gives the name mithril
Tol Himling is Sindarin for Island of Himling - where "Himling" derives directly from "Himring", meaning Ever-cold is Sindarin An innovation in the Shire calendar was to make Midsummers Day (and the Overlithe) outside the week, as well as the month, meaning the days of the week would not change in relation to the days of the year
Ieng Mouly said the aircraft went down during a rain storm .
Metz 3 ( Pires 35th , 48th , 74th ) Strasbourg 1 ( Rodriguez 56th ) .
They were immediately turned back .
7. Dimitrios Georgalis ( Greece ) 1:05.022
FLORIDA AT CINCINNATI
5. Armen Martirosyan ( Armenia ) 16.57
However, Morgoth acted in order to corrupt them while they were still in the east of Middle-earth, wherefore some of them chose to move westward seeking the rumored Great Sea, and the Light near it
In the end, Húrin stood there alone, there he threw his sword and shield on the ground and he took a grand battle-axe of an Orc captain
His armored scaly skin is shown to be nearly impenetrable and his natural endurance for heat is demonstrated by being able to survive being submerged in molten gold
Then he arranges them into a certain constellation against the night sky, which Elanor believes to be a clue to find The Strangers home
When asked whether the three guards would travel back to Kandahar or the Afghan capital Kabul , the embassy official said : " That has not been decided , but possibly Kandahar . "
The Sindarin minority in that realm, who should have been nobler and wiser than the Silvan Elves can be seen as having "gone native" at the end of the First Age: after Morgoth was defeated and all grand Elf-kingdoms of Beleriand were destroyed, the Sindar nobles can be seen as having reverted to a simpler society
Venezuela unions harden towards CVG privatization .
The mod also adds dozens of food items, ranging from several fruits and placeable cakes to exotic foods such as the elvish way-bread Lembas and the foul-smelling Torog Stew of the Half-trolls
Meriadoc Brandybuck and Peregrin Took both received a silver belt with gold flower-shaped clasp"." For Aragorn - A magical Elven scabbard and the Elessar, a green gem set in a silver eagle shaped brooch, left for him by Arwen and after which he later is named
At its convention four years ago , organizers prevented then Pennsylvania Gov .
Egypt confiscates paper for " mad rulers " article .
Most houses of Men on the hill were faced west and were closest to the Great East Road, while Hobbit-holes were further east and closest to Combe and Staddle
- Netanyahu opposes transit camps for foreign workers facing expulsion .
Mickelson 's victory gave him a 10 year exemption to the PGA Tour .
His attorney , Hans-Otto Sieg , told reporters outside the courtroom that the judges had not explained how a German court could judge someone for actions carried out in the United States .
Shortly afterwards Roberto Carlos found space in the home defence and equalised for Real with a shot that was deflected past despairing Deportivo ' keeper Jacques Songo'o .
CINCINNATI AT ATLANTA
Meanwhile, Thranduil assembles a host of Elves and marches to the Lonely Mountain with the intent of claiming the now unguarded treasure
LARNACA , Cyprus 1996-08-27
Learning that Rúmil is very old and knowledgeable, Eriol eagerly questions him of many things concerning the history of Valinor and Arda
I 'll make mine and let 's leave ( Republican House Speaker ) Newt Gingrich out of it . "
Westron or Common Speech, widely spoken in Middle-earth in the Third Age, was largely derived from Adûnaic
Bosnian Prime Minister Hasan Muratovic arrived in Ankara on Tuesday for an official visit where he is due to discuss Turkey 's aid to the former Yugoslav republic .
The Hoarwell began in the northern reaches of the Misty Mountains and then flowed through the Ettenmoors, after which it bent south
The Hobbits and other peoples living in Eriador all suffered greatly, but the plague lessened as it went north, and Arthedain was scarcely affected
" There was some profit-taking early on , and it 's just sitting there , " a Texas trader said of heating oil 's and gasoline 's losses .
The hill was long and sloping and the woods went almost to the summit
Qualifier vs. Chuck Adams ( U.S. )
He gathered all the Ñoldor in Tirion and beneath the Mindon Eldaliéva he urged the Ñoldor to return to Middle-earth in pursuit of Melkor and the Silmarils swearing an oath to war with Melkor, now known as Morgoth
Although the name Eönwë does not have any particular meaning in either Quenya or Sindarin, his earlier name Fionwë translates to "Son", from "fion" and the suffix "-wë",an old word for "person", deriving from the stem from "EWE"
Pollock , who returns home a month early next week , said : " I would like to come back and play county cricket in the future and I do n't think I would like to swap counties . "
Eventually, due to the rebellious actions of the Ñoldorin prince Fëanor, Melkors lies were uncovered, but he escaped before he could be recaptured
Dick Morris , who is credited with resurrecting Clinton 's political fortunes over the past 18 months by masterminding his turn to the political centre , quit after a supermarket tabloid reported he engaged in a yearlong affair with a prostitute , with whom he allegedly shared confidential campaign documents .
Bilbo had to buy back his sold possessions in order to avoid quarreling with the purchasers
That he was a Maia is confirmed only in the index of "The Silmarillion"
His head was thrown towards Arathorn when the Orcs attacked Taurdal
The State Department refused to speculate on Friday on what might happen in the case of Louis Farrakhan , the U.S. black leader who was awarded a $ 250,000 human rights prize by Libya .
Guy Forget ( France ) beat 17 - Felix Mantilla ( Spain ) 6-4 7-5 6-3
ALKHAN-YURT , Russia 1996-08-22
Adel Ibrahim , the Iraqi embassy 's press attache , was asked to leave " because he was carrying out duties incompatible with diplomatic norms " , one source told Reuters , implying he was accused of spying .
Curufin was the father of Celebrimbor, master Jewel-smith of Eregion who would later forge the three Elvish Rings of Power
The plant , requiring an investment of three billion baht , has a floor space of 50,000 square metres and is designed to produce 600,000 gasoline engines a year , to be sold in China , South America , the Middle East and Africa , it said .
Calimehtar was a good friend and ally of the Northmen, whose leader Marhwini warned him in TA 1899 that the Wainriders were planning a new invasion of Gondor
The Third House, the Teleri, spoke a different, closely related language, Telerin
Coins are found throughout the Hobbit game in wooden, silver and Gold Chest
BRUSSELS 1996-08-23
These trolls are smarter than Cave-trolls, and their power to lift massive objects to use as weapons makes them deadly
Huor, Húrin, and the remaining Men of Dor-lómin then formed a living wall across the Fens of Serech, buying time for Turgon to escape with most of the surviving Elves of the north
This city was north and east of Tirion, between the Calacirya and Araman in northern Eldamar
Grabowski also said shareholders approved the issue of 1.6 million shares for which the bonds could be exchanged , a ratio of 6.4 shares per bond .
During the War of the Ring, the fortress again became the refuge of some of the Rohirrim, now under King Théoden, and the Battle of the Hornburg was fought there against Sarumans army
( Australia ) , David Gilford , Stuart Cage , Mike Clayton
Gaddafi has dismissed any unrest as the work of foreigners , and last year deported thousands of Sudanese and Egyptian workers .
Belgium 's Kredietbank has approved a $ 6.5 million loan to India 's Welspun Stahl Rohren Ltd ( WSRL ) to part-finance its submerged arc welded pipes plant , the Indian company said in a statement on Wednesday .
Five other people have been arrested including Dutroux 's second wife Michelle Martin , charged as an accomplice .
The Shirriffs were probably based on some form of ancient tradition, possibly dating back to the Kingdom of Arnor
Hobbits all come from the Shire, but can be from different clans: the Fallohides, the Harfoots, or the Stoors
Yeltsin , 65 , has kept a low profile since he was reelected in July , prompting new speculation that the two heart attacks he suffered last year and a rumoured drinking problem could be taking their toll , weakening his grip on affairs of state .
NAIROBI 1996-08-28
Wargs are described as being giant, intelligent, and malevolent wolves
Chernomyrdin said voters should decide Chechnya 's future but stressed there was no question of the government letting the region quit the Russian Federation -- something Moscow fears could encourage separatist tendencies in other ethnic regions , particularly in the strategic North Caucasus .
However, he later repurposed Mágol into an Orkish language, before completely discarding it from the legendarium
Carnán, in the form of a Drake, flew over and burned his remains so that he could never return
But by mid-August , a company spokesman said repairs had been carried out without any shutdown .
But first lady Hillary Rodham Clinton told ABC television , " He 's really fired up . "
The remnant, fighting under Haleth and her kin, held out for days in a stockade until the Ñoldor rescued them
With the help of Ungoliant, he slew Finwë and stole the Silmarils, three gems crafted by Feänor that contained light of the Two Trees, from his vault, and destroyed the Trees of the Valar themselves
" It was called the " First Battle of the Newbury bypass ' , " said ARC 's Harding .
Gonzalez , who hit in 21 straight games earlier this season , joined Mickey Rivers as the only players in Texas history with two 20-game streaks in the same year .
In the card game, the Tamed Mûmak is largely associated with attacking or defending due their high attack power and health
Saruman knew that his primary obstacles in conquering Rohan swiftly were Théodred, prince of Rohan, and his cousin Éomer, for these two men were strong-willed and capable military leaders
Indonesia 's SBPUs auction results .
He ruled during a period in which there was still peace in Númenor despite the conflicting beliefs of The Faithful and the Kings Men which divided its people
Men were beginning to increase in the lands near them and with Sauron occupying Dol Guldur, the long and peaceful forest of Greenwood the Great was becoming evil
He was also the first Troll to enter the gate and crush a number of Gondorian soldiers
NEW YORK 1996-08-25
Enraged, the men of Freca left Edoras, and King Helm declared Wulf and his kin enemies of the King
KINSHASA 1996-08-29
The original concept for the battle included Sauron and Gil-galads duel in which Sauron seizes Gil-galad by the throat and burns him - however, this scene was cut
Wasim Akram 3 5 1 98 40 24.50
At the river Sirion, the Gnomes met with the Ilkorins, led by Tareg, and Ermon and his folk (their mannish allied)
The Men of Éothéod removed south at the invitation of Gondor, and settled the plains of Calenardhon, later Rohan
Later, he was among those that were forced to fight and defend the Hornburg from an army of 10,000 Uruk-hai that were dispatched by Saruman to attack Helms Deep
BANGKOK 1996-08-26
As they made their escape through Cirith Thoronath, one of the Balrogs came upon the refugees
Mark Trotter is an Australian stuntman and actor who did stunts for "The Hobbit" films, including playing a goblin
But as the highest-ranked non-seeded player in the tournament , Habsudova will be moved into Rubin 's slot in the draw , while Davenport will now get a qualifier in the first round , according to U.S. Tennis Association officials .
Gondolin also had a Gate of Silver that guarded the Orfalch Echor
The death of Smaug had massive consequences, creating struggle for the treasure of Erebor, and leading to the Battle of Five Armies
Current account Jan-May - $ 738 million ( Jan-April - $ 748 million )
It plays while Gandalf, Aragorn, Gimli, and Legolas first encounter Théoden in the Golden Hall of Meduseld, when Théoden is still under the spell of Saruman, and Gríma Wormtongues influence
TV Globo said the Supreme Federal Tribunal ordered the arrest of Luciano Pessina , a political scientist who owns two Rio de Janeiro restaurants , based on an extradition request from the Italian government .
" My prediction is that the Names will appeal , " said Kenneth Chiate , a U.S. Name and a chief negotiator for the American Names Association .
VIENNA 1996-08-24
He will , however , have to do without the Dortmund trio of libero Matthias Sammer , midfielder Steffen Freund and defender Rene Schneider , who were all formally nominated despite being injured .
MADRID 1996-08-31
He returns in place of Simon Culhane who broke a wrist in the All Blacks ' series-clinching victory in Pretoria on Saturday .
90th , Witechek 59th ) .
Seeing this, Húrin begged Turgon to escape to Gondolin, and told the King that he and his men would cover the Elven retreat
After about 150 years, he led an army of goblins, wargs, and bats in the Battle of the Five Armies, into which he took his bodyguards with him as well
The Court of Meduseld is the eighteenth soundtrack of the Complete Recordings of ""
New Zealand - Tries : Jeff Wilson ( 2 ) , Zinzan Brooke .
CLEVELAND 1996-08-22
The Men of Dale are named after their home city of Dale, which is derived from the English word meaning "valley", in turn derived from Proto-Germanic "*dalan", with cognates in Old Norse ("dalr"), Gothic and Dutch ("dal"), and German ("Thal")
LONDON 1996-08-31
Rohirric nouns were pluralized with the suffix "-as", as were Old English nouns of the strong-masculine declension
They also show that police investigating a theft visited Dutroux late last year at the house where Julie and Melissa were being held but accepted his word that the children 's cries they could hear came from neighbours .
All passengers held hostage aboard a hijacked Sudanese Airways plane diverted to London 's Stansted airport carrying 199 passengers and crew have been freed , an airport spokeswoman said on Tuesday .
The home side boasts world number six Goran Ivanisevic , and Newcombe conceded his players would be hard-pressed to beat the Croatian number one .
Des Smyth ( Ireland ) , David Carter , Lee Westwood , Greg
Lead by an adventurer, the brave men and women of Trestlebridge fought off an entire invasion force of Angmar and Orcs for hours, outnumbered, and outmatched
Landing in front an indignant Gimli, the Dwarf declares that it is still only one, seemingly forgetting the war tower full of Haradrim
Mahtan was a renowned Ñoldorin metallurgist of Aman and the father of Nerdanel, the wife of Fëanor
An outbreak of cholera has killed 21 people in a week at Ubimini in oil-rich southern Nigeria , the News Agency of Nigeria reported on Saturday .
U.S.-led allied planes based in Turkey are intended to protect the Kurds from Baghdad .
An Éored was a group of trained warriors who rode as a unit
During Arassuils reign, the Orcs of the Misty Mountains became more bold, daring to invade Eriador
After marrying Joni, he enrolled at Fuller Theological Seminary, emphasizing theology and Semitic languages (Hebrew, Aramaic, and Ugaritic) and eventually earning an M.A
He unexpectedly broke off his address to take a telephone call from U.S. Middle East envoy Dennis Ross , who held talks in Paris on Tuesday with Israeli and Egyptian officials .
BASEBALL - GREER HOMER IN 10TH LIFTS TEXAS PAST INDIANS .
However, the Men that continued to worship Morgoth followed later on in the First Age with the promise that if they served him, they would receive the rich lands of Beleriand as payment
In San Diego , Steve Finley and Jody Reed drove in three runs apiece as the San Diego Padres built a six-run lead after three innings and cruised to an 11-2 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies .
She was later pardoned when she resisted the temptation of the One Ring
A large number of destitute children can be seen begging in the streets of impoverished Albania , especially in towns and resorts visited by foreigners .
The girl , Abyss DeJesus , suffers from a " hairy nevus " on the right side of her face , a condition that has only been reported a few times in medical journals , the St. Christopher Children 's Hospital said .
" Our moisture situation is excellent , especially for fall planting of winter wheat , " said Kim Anderson , extension wheat marketing economist at Oklahoma State University .
Their first independent King was Meneldil, the nephew of Isildur, whose line ruled over Gondor for more than two thousand years
With the army from Gondor came men from Rhovanion, Elves from Lindon, and the remainder of the Dúnedain (among them Aranarth, the Prince of Arthedain)
He became involved with the Quest for the Silmaril when Beren and Lúthien had to pass him upon their entrance of Angband
Ata-ur-Rehman 6-0-40-1 , Saqlain Mushtaq 10-0-59-1 , Mushtaq Ahmed
Belgian media speculated that Dutroux , charged with abduction and illegal imprisonment of children , must have had high level protection to molest youngsters .
Náin was a Dwarf of Durins Folk
13 - Thomas Enqvist ( Sweden ) vs. Stephane Simian ( France )
Ulbar greatly respected Aldarion calling him the "The Great Captain"
With the help of the Ilkorins, Men grew in stature and knowledge, but Melko sent his servant Fankil, who managed to alienate most Men against the Elves
Pengolodh appended this text to his work, the "Lhammas", due to the implications that Elvish grammar and language had on telepathy, in light of the decline of telepathys use among incarnate peoples of Arda. Tolkiens etymological notes to the text were featured in "Vinyar Tengwar" issue 41 (2000)
A. Hollioake run out 15
"Calma "- Quenya word for Lamp
When the Elven kings decided to grant lands to the chieftains of the Edain, Boromir was granted the land of Ladros in Dorthonion as a fief under the Elven-lords Angrod and Aegnor, the younger sons of Finarfin (the Ñoldorin king in Aman) and the brothers of King Finrod of Nargothrond
( Morocco ) 5-7 6-3 3-0 retired
By the Second Age, Sindarin Elves had enriched its population, and the forest was ruled by a Sindarin king, Amdír
Acting Socialist leader Servet Pellumbi has said he too will urge the party to scrap the ideas of Karl Marx at the congress .
" I promise the people of Karachi that those responsible for the extra-judicial killing of innocent youths would not be spared , " Sharif said .
The Éothéod settlers renamed themselves the "Eorlingas" ("followers of Eorl"), but in Sindarin they became known as the Rohirrim, or "Horse-lords", and their country became known as Rohan, the Riddermark
"Forth Eorlingas "was a battle-cry of the Rohirrim
4. Thomas Bscher ( Germany ) / Peter Kox ( Netherlands ) West McLaren
Running on the rooftops to the highest tower, Bard uses all of his arrows unsuccessfully shooting at Smaug, but, right after Bard runs out of arrows, Bain appears with the Black Arrow and hands it to his father
When the Goblin Army arrives upon the Grey Havens, Gorkil commands it to destroy every building and elf in the area
Former England captain Will Carling along with Jeremy Guscott , Rory Underwood and Dean Richards have been left out of England 's first training squad of the season .
Briton Ian Woosnam won
It could be one of the most expensive rounds of drinks ever .
Mexico 's same-day Cetes rates rose 50 basis points to 24.25 percent on nervousness over a new round of attacks by guerrillas in two southern states , dealers said .
They also spent time making creatures biologically believable, rooting them sometimes in real creatures: Shelobs body is based on that of a funnel web spider, and the Wargs are a bear/hyena/wolf hybrid
In "The Peoples of Middle-earth" there are references to the Sea of Rhûn existing in the First Age, but no indication of whether it should be equated with the Sea of Helcar
Billy Mayfair 66 71 70 70
CHICAGO AT HOUSTON
Durin III refuses however, believing he will be taken advantage of
Haga had the consolation of recording the fastest lap at 147.159 kph .
Smicer 's goal was as hard-won as his team 's victory .
The head of an international mediating mission defended its record on Friday in the face of criticism by pro-Moscow leaders in breakway Chechnya and insisted it was doing its best to bring peace to the region .
In the time of the first defeat of Sauron, his minions were scattered, demoralized, and leaderless
He served King Ondoher of Gondor as a general during the wars with the Wainriders in TA 1944
Albania asked Greece on Wednesday to explain why it was deporting more Albanian immigrants , Foreign Minister Tritan Shehu said .
The Entwade was later mentioned by Éomer as the destination of his Éored at his first meeting with Aragorn in TA 3019
It said heavy fighting started at midnight in the region dividing the two warring factions , with the PUK aiming to break through to KDP 's headquarters in Salahuddin .
Henke stood two strokes ahead of Bob Estes and three up on Billy Andrade , Duffy Waldorf and Jesper Parnevik .
Like his father and his two brothers Borlad and Borthand, Borlach remained loyal to the Sons of Fëanor, unlike the Easterlings who followed Ulfang, who betrayed them
LONDON 1996-08-24
Ogres were mentioned in the context of the Riddle Game between Bilbo Baggins and Gollum
Indonesia 55,000-B
The fight , Duran 's first on home soil for 10 years , is being billed here as the " Return of the Legend " and Duran still talks as if he was in his prime .
Other Orc captains, such as Shagrat and Gorbag, kept their unruly underlings in line—but required strong leadership themselves lest they go "rogue." Shagrat was a Black Uruk, loyal to Sauron, while Gorbag was from Minas Morgul, and the two had, or at least caused, a big fight at the Tower of Cirith Ungol, which ended up in all its garrison being killed, although Shagrat successfully got away with Frodos mithril shirt, and he brought it to Barad-dûr, to Sauron
Some 150,000 people -- mostly civilians -- have died in Burundi since 1993 when the country 's first democratically elected Hutu president was killed in an attempted army coup .
His equivalent in Adûnaic was "Abrazân"
The tirade was sparked by Israel 's announcement on Tuesday of plans to expand the Jewish settlement of Kiryat Sefer and its demolishing of a community centre in Arab East Jerusalem .
Thus, due to the admiration he had for her, Hazad married late and had seventeen children
In earlier versions of the legendarium, an archipelago, formed by the Magic Isles and the Twilit Isles, already "floated" in the Shadowy Seas before the falling of the Two Lamps
The special effects for the battles and Gollum were also praised
In SA 3434, Elendil and Isildur returned south together with the Elven High King Gil-galad and their combined armies, in the Last Alliance of Elves and Men
U.N. Ambassador Albright arrives in Chile .
Interfax said the discussions were being held in parallel with peace talks mediated by the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe ( OSCE ) and the broad-based Minsk Group of countries led by Russia and Finland .
Led by the King of the Dead, the Dead army can do any range of extreme damage from 25000 (Nazgûl) to 50000, and they usually kill any unit apart from Nazgûl and Trolls
Following the taking of the Silmaril by Beren and Lúthien, Maedhros had formed the Union of Maedhros, an alliance between Elves and Men
3 - Jana Novotna ( Czech Republic ) beat Sandrine Testud ( France )
Mostostal , based in southern Poland , wants to offer the bonds to large investors in a public offering , paying an annual coupon of no more than 80 percent of the yield of the benchmark 52-week T-bill .
6. Jon Drummond ( U.S. ) 20.78
He comes from the town of Eaworth in the Entwash Vale is the youngest child of its Reeve Ingbert
England 's irrepressible midfielder Paul Gascoigne was up to his old tricks on Saturday , pulling down his team mate Paul Ince 's trousers in front of an astonished crowd in Moldova .
The spider attacked Sam, but Sam was able to drive her off using Sting and the Phial of Galadriel
For the foreign powers which back last year 's Dayton peace agreement , the main point of the election rules is that by voting as though they were still in their pre-war homes , Bosnians should override the effects of ethnic cleansing and reassert the concept of a single multi-ethnic state .
" Regrettably Jimmy has felt unable to accept that offer , and has accordingly left the club . "
JOHANNESBURG 1996-08-23
He quoted Ross as telling him : " The important thing is the Israelis are prepared to move . "
LONDON 1996-08-29
Following the death of his father, Eradan, in TA 2116 Herion became the third Ruling Steward, and the third steward to rule during the Watchful Peace
Poland and Slovenia are hoping to be among the first group of former eastern bloc countries to join the European Union and NATO .
To show something of the process whereby this legend of Middle-earth evolved over the years, he has told the story in his fathers own words by giving, first, its original form, and then passages in prose and verse from later texts that illustrate the narrative as it changed
CRICKET - POLLOCK CONCLUDES WARWICKSHIRE CAREER WITH FLOURISH .
Finnish foodstuffs group Atria Oy said in a statement on Monday it expects its result to improve in the second half of 1996 compared to the first half .
He did not expand Westron vocabulary to the same extent as Quenya, Sindarin, or Adûnaic
Brodda was a lord of the Easterlings
After Bard successfully manages to kill Smaug by firing the last Black Arrow into the beasts vulnerable spot on his belly, Percy witnesses this and tells the survivors that Bard killed the dragon
Salim Malik c Stewart b Hollioake 23
Bernardin , who became archbishop of Cincinnati in 1972 , played an increasingly prominent role in the U.S. church as a moderate voice of compromise among liberals and conservatives in the ranks of the bishops .
Separately , In Home Health said the U.S. District Court in Minneapolis ruled in its favor regarding the reimbursement of certain interest expenses .
Only three men survived the encounter, but the shards of Narsil were saved by Ohtar, an esquire of the King. The repercussions of the attack were wide-ranging, as Isildur had been king of both Gondor and Arnor, and his death left the two kingdoms to separate into isolated realms
Nandorin was the language of the Nandor, the Elves of Teleri lineage who remained East of the Misty Mountains during the Great Journey to Aman before the First Age, and it descended directly from "Ancient Telerin" or "Common Telerin"
Under English law the maximum sentence for hijack is life imprisonment , but there has been widespread speculation that the seven will receive lesser sentences and then be allowed to stay rather than being sent back to Iraq .
Clamavi de Profundis are a musical family known for setting many of J.R.R. Tolkiens songs to music
State media quoted China 's top negotiator with Taipei , Tang Shubei , as telling a visiting group from Taiwan on Wednesday that it was time for the rivals to hold political talks .
In Luxembourg : US Luxembourg ( Luxembourg ) 0 Varteks Varazdin
In some cases the explanations became quite involved, such as the river Brandywine (Sindarin Baranduin, "golden-brown river") was actually called "Branda-nîn", a punning Westron name meaning "border-water", which was later punned again as "Bralda-hîm" meaning "heady ale"
It could be better , or it could be worse , " Hope added , echoing the demand uncertainty across automotive industries .
The Witch-king of Angmar is known as a dark sorcerer (and hence many failed to destroy him; even Gandalf is wary of his power and unsure if he could prevail against him), using something resembling a "blasting spell" to force open the gates of Minas Tirith combined with the force of Grond
LONDON 1996-08-23
Cardiff 3 1 1 1 1 2 4
The Ñoldorin princes killed many Elves and captured Elwings sons Elrond and Elros in the sack, but she and her husband Eärendil escaped to the West with the jewel
" With equal measures of ignorance and audacity this two-headed monster of Dole and Gingrich has been launching an all out assault on decades of progress of behalf of working men and women , " Gore said to whoops of " 12 more years . "
Doetinchem 1 ( Schultz 4th ) .
Telchar the Dwarf forged Narsil, the sword of Elendil, and later Aragorn II Elessar (as Andúril)
BRUSSELS 1996-08-31
In July , the volume of help-wanted advertising fell in five of the nine U.S. regions .
After this, the Fallohides mixed more and more with the Harfoots and later the Stoors, until the three Hobbit breeds became one
On this information, after Mordor had captured eastern Osgiliath from the Men of Gondor, the Nazgûl crossed secretly at night and passed through Anórien, up the Vale of Entwash, and into the Wold, relatively unnoticed
PRESS DIGEST - ANGOLA - AUG 23 .
PAYING AGENT : Michigan National Bank , Detroit
His fighting style, (unlike Azogs preferred Warg-riding style that emphasized blows with heavy momentum) is emphasized with lightning speed and agility, as well as martial arts techniques and using the environment against his opponent
" You can see anxieties in Germany and France , in particular , beginning to grow and develop .
Presumably, Mûmakil could be coerced to kneel or lie down so that a tower could be hauled into place, and tied from under the belly
6. Carlos Sainz ( Spain ) Ford Escort 3:03
"Dol Baran" is Sindarin for Golden-brown hill
Ormal, also known as High Gold, was the southern of the two Lamps of the Valar, set on the great tower Ringil by Aulë to bring light into the world of the Valar
Hill-men were a race of Men who lived in small tribes disparately across northern Middle-earth in the Third Age
Siraj Mia died at Dhaka airport on May 9 during interogation by customs officials after arriving from London .
During the war the main Corsair fleet captured Pelargir, whilst another force battled the Men of Gondor at Linhir
The Corsair Lieutenant was not given a canonical name but a fansite known as the "" named him "Pete the Pirate" based on Peter Jacksons real name (Pete) and his role (the Pirate)
Consumer Products. "These films give life to amazing worlds and characters and we are thrilled to bring fans these products that deliver an imaginative play experience befitting of these beloved properties." The LEGO THE LORD OF THE RINGS collection will translate into LEGO form the epic locations, scenes and characters of Middle-earth as depicted in all three films, including The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring, The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers and The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King
Her primary weapons are a reflex bow and two long daggers
The beacons were great fireplaces permanently manned by Men of Gondor, and were placed on seven foot-hills in the range of the White Mountains
But Valacar, much taken with the culture of the North, "far exceeded his fathers design" by marrying Vidugavias daughter Vidumavi, and their son Vinitharya was born among the Northmen
According to Tolkien, "maggot" was an old Hobbitish name lost in history and its meaning unknown
The right-handed batsman will have to forfeit half the money he was due to earn from the tour , the news agency said after a disciplinary committee set up by the Board of Control for Cricket in India met at Mohali , near the northern city of Chandigarh .
In the BBCs "The Hobbit (1968 radio series)", the voice of Nori is provided by Antony Viccars
In the decades after the downfall of Sauron, Aragorn and Éomer rode beyond the Sea of Rhûn to enforce peace with the Easterlings
12. Martin Brundle ( Britain ) Jordan 34
REUTER
"Nírnaeth Arnoediad" was Sindarin for Tears Unnumbered
His true identity was discovered when the Northmen searched his body and found evidence that he was a Prince of Gondor
Nicole Arendt ( U.S. ) beat Sandra Cacic ( U.S. ) 6-2 7-6 ( 8-6 )
Van Poppel ( 3-6 ) walked two and struck out two in defeating the Royals for the second time this week .
JERUSALEM 1996-08-28
Rangarajan explained that the cash reserve ratio was an instrument that central banks could use to regulate money supply by reducing or increasing the ratio .
- Foreign Minister Levy to visit Egypt soon .
When officials and coaching staff tried to intervene , Cyprien launched a flying kick at Moura , but only succeeded in kneeing St Gallen coach Roger Hegi in the stomach .
Fëanor, already not fond of his half-siblings, had little trouble believing the rumor
AL-MUNTAR , West Bank 1996-08-26
Bard then reveals that he has one last Black Arrow in his possession
Mouldi Mamatuyev , in his late 20 's , dressed in black and carrying a machine gun , was welcomed by his mother and sister .
Tom, Bert, and Williams cave lay under a hill in the Trollshaws, in eastern Eriador, and was inhabited by the trolls Tom, Bert, and William, hiding from the Suns light
The Romanian Soccer Federation has banned first division club Jiul Petrosani 's president Miron Cozma for two years for headbutting a visiting team player , a federation statement said .
Scouts wear light, leather armor and have leather helmets with no crests or brims, and wield short swords, axes, daggers, and powerful bows of yew with a tremendous draw weight
36. Czech Republic 7.95
Sunday 's Vancouver IndyCar race after final qualifying on
Thousands of Tamils demonstrated outside the United Nations ' European headquarters in Geneva on Monday to appeal for U.N. recognition of their fight for independence from Sri Lanka .
For though Mandos prophesied it, even the Ainur do not know anything of the second world or the Second Music
68 67 , Bernhard Langer ( Germany ) 64 71 , Gary Orr 67 68 ,
The army continued after constructing a minor fortification to cross the river to the west, therefore attacking Arthedains two outposts, in the process of the march to the second outpost, King Argeleb arrives and threw in his share of reinforcements
"Eärien" means "Daughter of the Sea," from the Quenya words "eä" ("sea") and the feminine suffix "-ien" ("daughter")
During the War of the Ring, the Ruffians working for Sharkey had sheds there that they used as their barracks and it was from here that they left for the Battle of Bywater
He painted a scene of horrors he saw if Republicans controlled the White House and the Congress they hold now . "
In this climactic battle — which was named Nírnaeth Arnoediad— the forces of the Ñoldor attacked Angband and briefly broke through the gates, only to be beaten back when Morgoth unleashed his full forces, now vastly outnumbering those of Elves and Men
The Wainriders were a confederation of Easterlings which were active between TA 1856 and TA 1944
Sao Paulo state 's debt is now estimated at 19 billion reais .
This was the second union of Elves and Men after that of Beren and Lúthien
Katarina Studenikova ( Slovakia ) beat 6 - Karina Habsudova
Finally Húrin was left to fight alone, wielding the great axe of an Orc captain two handed
The restoration of the line of Elendil to the throne of Gondor is a subplot of "The Lord of the Rings"; Aragorns adventures not only aid Frodo in his Quest, but also bring him closer to his own kingship which, though his by right and lineage, has been left open for centuries due to historical, legal, and military circumstances
It appears as Bilbo Baggins leaves Erebor by night to take the Arkenstone to Bard and Thranduil
Countless Uruks fell to surprise attacks, not only from the bushes, but from below and above as the predators climb and leap into lightning fast strikes
Gandalf later uncovered the Necromancer as a returned Sauron, but not before the Dark Lord sent out his secret army under Azog to secure the Mountain
Hansa Rostock 0 Hamburg 1 ( Baeron 64th min ) .
The name Menelmacar means "Swordsman of the Sky" or "Swordsman of the Heavens", from the Quenya "menel" ("heaven") and "macar" ("swordsman")
Italian prime minister to visit Turkey .
Mazeikyte ( Lithuania )
That 's about 1/2 inch above the average for the same time period , according to Howard Johnson , associate state climatologist at the University of Oklahoma .
In the second film of Peter Jacksons film trilogy, Sharku is sent by Saruman with a large group of Isengard Orcs on Wargs to attack the people of Rohan who are trying to reach the fortress of Helms Deep
The bodyguard of Bolg, son of Azog, consisted of giant Orcs of Moria
Louis Viannet , leader of France 's Communist-led CGT union , criticised government plans for spending cuts in the 1997 budget on Wednesday and warned of labour unrest as France gets back to work after the holidays .
But at 36 it would be asking too much of Paul , " he said .
Only in the future, at the end of days, will all the created beings of Ilúvatar fully understand not only the divinely provided concepts and themes they each personally embody, but how each relates to all the others and fits (as per Ilúvatar’s intentions) in the entire greater scheme
He attempts to convey his feelings to her, but is interrupted by Tredwill who arrives at the house with a sick cow for Bronwyn to diagnose
"The Adventures of Tom Bombadil", a book of verse published in 1962, is purported to contain a selection of Hobbit poems, two of which are about Tom Bombadil and tell of his adventure with Badger folk
When Turgon had heard of a great mustering against the Dark Lord, he brought forth an army of ten thousand Gondolindrim
He along with many other Orcs (like Sharku) travelled to Isengard to help Saruman in his forges and raise an army of Uruk-hai]
The Orcs crossed the river at night in boats, and immediately joined battle with Faramirs men, slaying the Men of Gondor easily and quickly defeating them in battle (as opposed to the book were they fought valiantly for nearly a full day)
The United States last week granted political asylum to two opposition leaders , Zenon Poznyak and Sergei Naumchik .
The name Aragorn means "Revered King", from the Sindarin "ara" ("king") and "(n)gorn" ("revered")
Frams Shades armor looks to be of scale mail and armored plates
In that films story line (a significant departure from Tolkiens version), as recounted by Balin, Thrór leads the Dwarves forces at the Battle of Azanulbizar, where the displaced Dwarves of the Lonely Mountain attempt to reclaim Moria and meet an army of Orcs led by Azog
Buenos Aires fraud cops held in extortion racket .
The inside was not God but rather Love and the Lady, which are false gods
Vingilot was a Quenya word for "Foam-flower"
A few days ago Russian President Boris Yeltsin issued a decree on state regulation of foreign barter deals , and Volkova said this " could substantially improve the situation " .
The Kataphrakts, as stated above, were near immune to melee weapons
The Mûmakil that the Haradrim brought to the Battle of the Pelennor Fields were harnessed with red banners, bands and trappings of gold and brass, and on their backs great war towers from which archers and spearmen fought
Aamir Sohail c Cork b Croft 46
The army of Mordor was in part destroyed in the ensuing cataclysm and in part fled the horror of it
The April arrests were announced shortly after a row in which Tehran asked Ankara to withdraw four Turkish diplomats accused of spying , and Turkey expelled four Iranian diplomats for their alleged links to killings of Iranian exiles .
1. Marcel Malone ( U.S. ) 51.50
Before the pass was created, there was no way to get into Valinor due to the Pelóri blocking the way
Commanders " Vicente " and " Oscar " , guarded by a dozen EPR gunmen , said in an interview with La Jornada outside Mexico City that the armed group was committed to overthrowing the government .
BOMBAY 1996-08-28
BONN 1996-08-31
The other allies were the Variags of Khand, and the Corsairs of Umbar, who had the longest history of War with Gondor
It is just then that the leaves of Nimloth begin to fall, causing Míriel to rethink her decision, and command that an army be sent to return with Galadriel
The Gundabad Wargs make fewer appearances in the , when Bolg and a small force of Warg-riders trail the company to Dale
The U.N. Security Council on Friday condemned the coup by retired Tutsi major Pierre Buyoya and for the first time said in a resolution it intended to pressure Buyoya into unconditional negotiations with all parties and factions " without exception " .
Palestinians have been pressing Israel to carry out a long-delayed partial troop pullout from the flashpoint West Bank city of Hebron agreed by the previous Labour government .
Lurka was created for , and as such is non-canonical
1. Ana Fidelia Quirot ( Cuba ) 1 minute 58.98 seconds
Gondors army was saved, and the riders of the Éothéod drove the Balchoth into the Anduin
Levy said seeking bankruptcy protection was not under consideration .
The church in Australia said on Monday Lynch , Batchelor , Barton and Riel were held in a prison until the weekend , when they were moved to join the other captives at the compound .
6. Oksana Grichina ( Russia ) 36.242
Amid the tumults, Míriel sighted a giant wave approaching to engulf the city, and attempted to ascend Meneltarma, but was caught by the waters and drowned before reaching the summit, as all of Númenor slid into the depths
The settlement was founded by Thorins father Thráin II in TA 2802 when he led his people to the Blue Mountains from Dunland, but in TA 2845 he went missing whilst on a quest to reclaim Erebor
The Teleri of Alqualondë granted the use of their ships to ferry the hosts of Aman to Middle-earth, but they remembered still the Kinslaying of their people long ago and harbored much bitterness over it
" I do n't see the ball like I see during the day .
WASHINGTON 1996-08-30
But Chilean Ambassador Juan Somavia said : " Every weapon that reached Burundi is a weapon aimed mainly at killing an unarmed civilian .
Birmingham Public Park , Ala .
Nenya is seen visibly on Galadriels finger as she enters Dol Guldur in ""
JAKARTA 1996-08-28
On April 28 , a lone gunman went on a shooting rampage at the site of the historic Port Arthur penal settlement , killing 35 people .
Though he does not believe that his men can actually defeat Sauron, he inspires the Rohirrim to ride to Gondors aid for the sake of honor
An éored was a company of horseman of the Rohirrim
The Girdle of Melian was raised by Melian shortly after the First Battle of Beleriand to ensure that Doriath remain untouched by the forces of the enemy
On orders from Azog they attempt to kill the small Hobbit, but are ultimately halted by the arrival of Eagles who proceed to kill many of the Orcs and Wargs present before rescuing the stranded and outnumbered party
It was this obsession and vast treasure that attracted the unwanted attention of Smaug, the greatest fire-drake of the Third Age
PRESS DIGEST - Lebanon - Aug 22 .
6= Yelena Gulyayeva ( Russia ) 1.91
"Pelargir" - Sindarin word for Garth of Royal Ships
Rain arrived just as the players left the field for lunch , forcing the ground-staff into action yet again .
18. Peter Mitchell 170,952
Húrin I was the fifth Ruling Steward of Gondor
Elanor was a hero character created by Fantasy Flight Games for the "Lord of the Rings Living Card Game" (LCG)
Findis was a Ñoldorin elf, the first daughter of Finwë, the High King of the Ñoldor and Indis; sister of Fingolfin, Finarfin, and Írimë and half-sister of Fëanor
Britain gave 8.5 million pounds ( $ 13 million ) to Montserrat , which is one of its dependent territories , when the volcano first became active .
6. Gunhild Halle ( Norway ) 15:09.00
At some point in the fighting, his shield broke, and using an oaken tree branch found on the ground as a shield, he gained the epithet "Oakenshield," which would remain with him even in death
"Endóre "- Quenya word for Middle-earth
DENVER 1996-08-29
As outlined in "The Peoples of Middle-earth": The Heirs of Elendil, Celebrindor was first written as "Celemenegil" and "Celebrindol" but was corrected and changed to Celebrindor
NAIROBI 1996-08-31
He was the direct ancestor of Éomund, the father of Éomer, who founded the third line of Eorl, and Éowyn
9. Alexandre Barros ( Brazil ) Honda 1:51.784
6. Francis Agyepong ( Britain ) 16.63
President Boris Yeltsin ordered Lebed to restore peace in Chechnya and gave him unspecified sweeping powers to carry out the mission .
ZAGREB 1996-08-23
8 - Lindsay Davenport ( U.S. ) beat Anne-Gaelle Sidot ( France ) 6-0 6-3
BOXING - MILLER DEFENDS WBA CRUISERWEIGHT TITLE .
The Kings company were those men that directly served and protected the king
In SA 3261, he marched upon Mordor with an army so powerful that Saurons forces simply deserted him
14 - Barbara Paulus ( Austria ) beat Yi Jing-Qian ( China ) 6-2 6-1
His name is derived from the Sindarin word "daer" ("large, great")
- High Court officials have unearthed police-run human cages at Tando Allahyar near Hyderabad .
The Fallohides were fair of skin and hair, and none of them ever grew a beard
The Resurrection was the best "eucatastrophe" conceivable in the best Fairy Story, creating Christian satisfaction that is so like distress since it originates from the spot where Joy and Sorrow are at one and accommodated
Soon a hidden door was found by Gimli and inside a casket they found two precious objects: one of which was a small gold case attached to a chain - this was used by Isildur to bear the One Ring; and second of which was the Elendilmir - the white star of Elvish crystal upon a fillet of mithril that had been lost since Isildurs demise
When Glorfindel and Eärnur attacked Angmar, the forces of the Elves and Gondor were too much for him and Elrond of Rivendell killed him by his magic Ñoldor sword
Moin Khan b Gough 10
The townsfolk then realize the treasure in the Lonely Mountain is now unguarded, and they think eagerly of how the wealth could rebuild Lake-town
"Morgul" is Sindarin for "dark sorcery"
I 'm not retiring , " Duran told Reuters .
Their type helped move the great battering ram Grond into place during the Battle of the Pelennor Fields, which they wielded and shattered the large gates of Minas Tirith with
World championship leader Tommi Makinen in his Mitsubishi was third but current world champion Colin McRae ended a bad week by crashing out .
BASEBALL - BONDS ' CONSECUTIVE GAME STREAK ENDS .
SOCCER - HINCHCLIFFE CALLED INTO ENGLAND SQUAD .
He always sought for Tol Eressëa where the fairies were said to have retired
This show, made in conjunction with Warner Bros
The Gulf of Lune broke into Lindon and the Blue Mountains and divided the realm into "Forlindon" (North Lindon) and "Harlindon" (South Lindon)
England manager Glenn Hoddle called up uncapped Everton defender Andy Hinchcliffe on Sunday to the national squad for the opening World Cup qualifier against Moldova next weekend .
- Coopers and Lybrand emigrates to Basque Country for fiscal reasons
Also, his defense and constitution will guarantee he survives even the greatest blows, making him good to use against the toughest enemies like the Mûmakil and trolls
21. Switzerland 8.15
U.N. relief officials said they were not aware that the tanks advancing on Arbil were manned by Iraqi troops as they advanced from KDP-controlled areas and raised KDP flags .
Along the road came the armies of the Easterlings
Kheled-zâram, known in Westron as Mirrormere, was a small lake in Azanulbizar, a vale east of Moria
Doctor Emanuil Ceausu , head of Bucharest 's Victor Babes hospital for infectious diseases , said the epidemic had been caused by a virus yet to be identified .
3 - Brett Martin ( Australia ) beat David Evans ( Wales ) 14-17 15-1
The 32-year-old Bonds is hitting .307 with 35 homers and 107 RBI and has been one of the few bright spots for the last-place Giants .
The Army of the West or Host of the West was the great army prepared by the Lords of Gondor and Rohan to march on the Black Gate, after the Battle of the Pelennor Fields
- Offers from Arab and foreign companies to supply Iraq with goods .
4. Robert Allenby ( Australia ) 291,088
The girl , who was accompanied to Philadelphia by her parents , will need more surgery later to correct the condition on her chest , back and legs , the hospital said .
The credibility of the Buenos Aires provincial police , the largest force in Argentina , has been undermined this year by scandals that included the indictment of three officers for links to the 1994 bombing of a Jewish community centre and the arrest of an entire drugs squad for drug trafficking .
Jan Buettner , managing director of AOL Germany , said AdOn was in the formation phase and would " get off the ground next year , bringing in advertising from around Europe . "
Later his Black Uruk tower garrison fought over possession of Frodos mithril mail shirt with Gorbags company, and sent up the Stairs of Cirith Ungol to investigate matters
The Kingdom of Rhovanion was a realm of Men in the Middle-earth region of Rhovanion, given very few specifications in J.R.R. Tolkiens books
Back at Waldregs bar in Tirharad, Bronwyn tries to convince the folk to spread the news of Hordern, but with no luck
It said the two , after robbing the passengers , burnt them alive by sprinkling the bus with petrol and setting it on fire in the southern state of Andhra Pradesh in 1993 .
81 Seiki Okuda ( Japan )
It is possible for one Quenya word to have the same meaning as an entire English sentence
The leftist Popular Revolutionary Army ( EPR ) in a published report on Sunday said it operated throughout Mexico , including the capital , and denied government assertions it was isolated to one state .
Works. Tolkien Mythology is manifested in the following publications: The mythology of North Germanic peoples was highly influential to J.R.R. Tolkien in the creation of his legendarium
By the time they were discovered by the other peoples of Middle-earth, they had already been around for many generations
On the players heroes journey to Tharbad they are attack by a war party of Dunlendings lead by Chief Turch
3. Nick Nieland ( Britain ) 81.12
Frodo and Sam discover Gollum stalking them as they try to reach Mount Doom to destroy the One Ring
While in the book, Balin is about twenty years younger than Thorin, in Peter Jacksons three-part adaptation, Balin is ranked as the oldest member of the company
A South African boy is writing back to an American girl whose message in a bottle he found washed up on President Nelson Mandela 's old prison island .
- Kabariti and parliament speaker meet to discuss ways to reactivate parliament 's legislative role .
By the time the army of the west returned in victory to Minas Tirith, Faramir had returned to health and had assumed the office of Steward
Polish diplomat denies nurses stranded in Libya .
Lothos idea was to grind more and more grains faster and Ted Sandyman approved of it and worked there for the men cleaning the wheels
Zaire installs first election delegates .
TORONTO AT CHICAGO
Perhaps, this people were the ancestors of the so-called Middle Men
Nigeria rights group says four academics arrested .
The Haradrim were defeated but, in the course of the battle both Princes Folcred and Fastred were slain
Fremantle 21 6 0 15 1673 1912 87.5 24
SAN DIEGO AT NEW YORK
Wang Shi-Ting ( Taiwan ) beat Corina Morariu ( U.S. ) 6-4 6-7 ( 5-7 ) 6-2
SOCCER - ROBSON WINS FIRST TROPHY WITH BARCELONA .
In February of TA 3019, Éomers Éored ambushed a band of Orcs from Isengard, Mordor, and Moria at the edge of Fangorn Forest, among whom were the captives Meriadoc Brandybuck and Peregrin Took
His father-name was Curufinwë, meaning "Skilled (son of) Finwë" from the Quenya "curu" ("Skill")
In SA 2899 Ar-Adûnakhôr became the first King of Númenor who took his royal name in Adûnaic, the language of Men instead of Quenya, the language of the Elves
In the War of the Ring, Celeborn defended Lothlórien and led the assault on Dol Guldur
In the previous year a two-pronged attack had been launched upon Gondor by the Haradrim and the Wainriders
In San Francisco , Mike Williams allowed two runs in 7-1/3 innings and Benito Santiago and Ruben Amaro had RBI hits in the first inning as the Philadelphia Phillies edged the San Francisco Giants 3-2 .
The tournament also lost its second seed on the third day of play when second-seeded Goran Ivanisevic of Croatia was beaten 6-7(3-7 ) 6-4 6-4 by unseeded Mikael Tillstrom of Sweden .
Argentine striker Iwan Cesar Gabrich signed a five year contract with Dutch champions Ajax Amsterdam on Wednesday .
( A. Brown 56 not out ) .
Elronds daughter, Arwen, is dying and her fate is now tied to that of the One Ring
The war claimed more than 125,000 lives in the southern Mindanao island over a quarter of a century .
NFL AMERICAN FOOTBALL-RANDALL CUNNINGHAM RETIRES .
SOCCER - COSTA RICA AND CHILE DRAW 1-1 IN FRIENDLY .
The death of Théodred made his cousin Éomer the heir to the throne of Rohan
Socialist Prime Minister Costas Simitis announced the snap poll on Thursday citing problems with the economy , the country 's convergence with the European Union and tense relations with neighbouring Turkey .
By the end of the Third Age, the stair and the tower were remembered only in legend
His life extended far beyond his nature, by the effects of possessing the One Ring
M. Waugh c and b Jayasuriya 50
Vitaly Smirnov , president of the Russian National Olympic Committee , said President Boris Yeltsin had given the swimmer Russia 's top award for his Olympic performance . "
Bilbo gave Sting to Frodo, just before the Fellowship of the Ring set off from Rivendell
In Peter Jacksons 2014 ", Azogs Orc army is bolstered by a few dozen colossal Guldur Olog-hai
1. Max van Heeswijk ( Netherlands ) Motorola 4 hours 39 minutes six seconds .
Sauron however perceived that Finrod was a High Elven Lord of great power, and purposed to save him for last
This secret refuge (the name means "Window of the Sunset" in Sindarin) consisted of a cave behind a west-facing waterfall overlooking a pool, the "Window-curtain", stated to have been the "fairest of the falls of Ithilien." The cave had been excavated by the stream feeding the waterfall, which originally fell from the hole in the cliff constituting the window in the name, but that stream had since been diverted by the men of Gondor to fall from doubled height, and the tunnel had been sealed, except for a concealed entrance along the brink of a deep pool beneath the waterfall
After the destruction of the Two Lamps by Melkor before the Two Trees, Yavanna needed to see that they were protected so she sent them to sleep until light returned again to Middle-earth
( Korneev 15th , Hansma 24th , Wouden 70th , 90th ) .
Cuiviénen is a Quenya word that means "Water of Awakening" from "cuivié" ("awakening") and "nen" ("water")
After a long fall, the two crashed into a great subterranean lake, which Gandalf later said was as cold as the tide of death and almost froze his heart
The activist was detained by Palestinian intelligence service agents on August 12 after publishing a statement demanding an investigation into the death of a Gaza man who had been questioned by Palestinian authorities .
The website seeks to account for all words of prominent and peripheral languages of Arda - including Elvish tongues such as Doriathrin and Nandorin - that are found throughout Tolkiens writings and glossaries provided in "The History of Middle-earth" and elsewhere. Tolkiens juvenile languages like Animalic and Nevbosh are also recorded
An earthquake measuring 5.5 on the Richter scale shook New Zealands upper South Island on Thursday but there were no reports of injuries , Television New Zealand said .
Arvedui, last King of Arthedain, fled to the Icebay of Forochel after his realm was destroyed by Angmar, and the Lossoth helped him survive the winter
Promodes has in Germany its Promo hypermarket unit with 36 Continent superstores , which is 1995 generated 4.7 percent of total Promodes sales .
PARIS 1996-08-28
The Doors of Durin in Khazad-dûm are a prime example of a magic construction: the door itself is physical and exists in the primary world, but the ithildin and its response to a password are supernatural and thereby magical
4 - Marcelo Rios ( Chile ) beat Daniel Vacek ( Czech Republic ) 6-4
Balcmeg was a Sindarin word that meant "Heart of Evil"
2. Louise McPaul ( Australia ) 60.66
At Rivendell, these weapons gradually replaced the Lhang of earlier times, which remained popular in Lindon and Lothlórien
From the latter part of the Second Age, many of the Men of Harad were dominated by the Númenóreans, as were many other peoples whose lands included a coastline
Anglachel seems to have held a certain level of sentient awareness, poured into it from Eöl: it was fierce and bloodthirsty, drinking the blood of those it bit
1. Andrea Ferrigato ( Italy ) 5 hours 51 minutes 52 seconds
4. Annemari Sandell ( Finland ) 15:06.33
ATLANTIC CITY , N.J. 1996-08-29
Chechen rebel spokesman Movladi Udugov confirmed the weapons had been seized but that it was a maverick group of Chechens .
Gollum then realized the answer to Bilbos riddle, "What have I got in my pocket?" and paddled back on his boat towards Bilbo, who he then accused of stealing his precious, but Bilbo had vanished
Ethiopia win 4-2 on penalties
Dor-lómin was a Sindarin word that meant Land of Echoes
Adelt did not give a concrete forecast .
An Iranian embassy spokesman said in response to an inquiry that Iran had formally requested Banisadr 's extradition for hijacking the military aircraft which he commandeered to flee Iran in July 1981 .
This had certain important implications: first of all, proper names with derivations somewhat evident to speakers of Westron had been translated, to preserve the effect
Calmindon was a massive lighthouse built upon Tol Uinen in Númenors Bay of Rómenna
He participates in the raids on the villages of the Southlands in search of the Broken Sword, which saw many villages of Men destroyed and their inhabitants forced into hard labor for the Orcs
NEW YORK
Rhovanion is Sindarin for "wilderland" and contains "rhovan", with the place-name ending "-ion"
Ori Lewis
Éomer orders that the pursuit be halted and Rohirrim watch from afar, as the mass of Huorns is seen stirring followed by the death throes of the Uruk-hai as they are slain. The Lonely Mountain, known in Sindarin as Erebor, referred to both a mountain in northern Rhovanion and the subterranean Dwarven city contained within it
He told me I 'm buggered too so just hang in there ' , ' ' Wilson recalled .
Pengolodh was one of the few Elves admitted into Khazad-dûm, where he might have learned Khuzdul
The Haradrim were those commonly described as using scimitars, with their cavalry once bringing scimitars onto the Pelennor Fields
Pakistan first innings 521-8 declared ( Saeed Anwar 176 ,
It is unlikely that Gandalf would reveal his ownership of Narya to an enemy
-- Jonathan Birt , London Newsroom +44 171 542 7717
Finland 's Juha Kankkunen produced an impressive performance in his Toyota on Saturday to open up a 37 seconds lead after six stages of the 1,000 Lakes Rally , sixth round of the world championship .
-- Wellington newsroom 64 4 473-4746
A Rwandan refugee lobby group called on Saturday for calm in refugee camps in eastern Zaire during a census from Sunday to be conducted by aid workers .
and fiercely defended against any attack made on their livelihood of herding
The Witch-king and his army eliminate the Loyalists and recruit the rebels
LAST MOODY AA3 ISS PRICE 99.956 FULL FEES 10 BP
There is also a song called "The Voice of Saruman" created by the heavy metal band called "Lorien." Ralph Bakshi version
The plan worked, and soon they all arrived at Lake-town, which they found to be a small town occupied by Men that Smaug would sometimes attack, though he had not been seen in many years
From there Círdan oversaw the making of the ships that would sail out into the Great Sea and on to Aman in the Uttermost West
-- Karen Pierog , 312-408-8647
Martin was pleased with his victory over Pioline , his first in five meetings with the 11th-ranked Frenchman . "
After this resulted in the realization Adars army was a threat, he accompanied the rest of his fellow villagers to take shelter in Ostirith
Lebed , whom Yeltsin ordered to restore peace in Chechnya , struck a military deal with separatist rebels last week ending the worst fighting in the region in more than a year .
"Dírnaith" is the Sindarin translation of Quenya "nernehta", meaning "man-spearhead"
Summary. Tolkien had encased a draft of the dust spread for "The Hobbit", and examined its decrease for distribution on the novel
Amnon lived in Beleriand, and once predicted the Fall of Gondolin
5. Mika Hakkinen ( Finland ) 23
TOKYO 1996-08-28
Nevertheless, when the Three Rings escaped the Sack of Eregion, Celebrimbor had appointed him to inherit one of them
Malawi 's frail former president , Kamuzu Banda , said on Saturday in a rare public interview that he was feeling well despite his advanced years .
Ephel Brandir also called the Ephel was a settlement that consisted of the dwellings of the Men of Brethil in Beleriand in Middle-earth
MATUZICI , Bosnia 1996-08-25
Given , Breen , Staunton , Irwin , McAteer , Harte , McLoughlin , Houghton , Townsend , Quinn , O'Neill .
Malva is portrayed in "The Rings of Power" by Sri Lankan actress Thusitha Jayasundera
At the end of each turn, the position of Free Peoples player rotates to the next player in turn
British Jewish groups have also protested because they say members of Algeria 's Islamic Salvation Front ( FIS ) and the Palestinian Islamic group Hamas are on the guest list .
Sauron claimed the Rings of Power early on, forging the One Ring for himself
Moria meant "black chasm" in Sindarin
With the Harfoots out of danger, he departs with Nori by his side still having not recalled his name, though now capable of normal speech
He also fortified Gondor and made pacts with the Northmen of Rhovanion, all before he took the throne
He went into battle with a red shield and bore a horn
SPA-FRANCORCHAMPS , Belgium 1996-08-24
After the army of Nargothrond went out to meet Morgoths army led by Glaurung on the field of Tumhalad, some miles north of the citadel, they were defeated and routed. The Elves left in the city awaiting their return instead found the dragon and his Orcs crossing their bridge and entering the city, meeting little to no resistance
Marc Degryse had opened the scoring for Belgium after 13 minutes , whacking a low 10-metre drive into the net after an incisive pass by defender Dirk Medved from the edge of the penalty area .
This led Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli on a search which eventually led to the Battle of the Hornburg as well as the Destruction of Isengard by the Ents under Treebeard, leading to Sauron losing one of his most potent servants and the end of Sarumans reign of terror in the west
Zhirinovsky said on Tuesday he would press the Russian government to help end U.N. trade sanctions on Iraq and blamed Moscow for delaying establishment of good ties with Baghdad .
Referring to Gencor 's increased 41.5 percent stake in Ingwe , Gilbertson said the group would wait for coal shares to be cheaper before considering snapping up more .
U.S. wheat weekly export sales highlights - USDA .
Fox said the incident had strained relations between the two governments .
In secret Celebrimbor forged the three greatest rings; Narya, Nenya, and Vilya
" The choice has never been starker , the stakes today have never been higher , " Gore said . "
8. Sara Thorsett ( U.S. ) 4:11.06
His father, however, died in South Africa of before he could join them
Afterward, Gil-galad and Elrond converse, and each voices his concern about the others dishonesty surrounding the Elves need for mithril
Initially, the band of Orcs assumed that they could easily be dealt with, but the Army of the Dead soon swarmed off the ships and charged the Orcs head-on
MADRID 1996-08-30
The Westron name of the flower is given as Goldenbell
NEW YORK 1996-08-27
TENNIS - SERIOUS MEDVEDEV IS HAVING FUN AGAIN .
As the Quenya name makes obvious, this is a retelling of the story of the lost city of Atlantis, in the Middle-earth cadre
The Attack of the Wargs was a confrontation between Thorin and Company and the wargs along with their goblin allies
Dunlendings of Saruman had surrounded the hill and were closing in on Théodred and his men, who cried for help
Actually , creation of such a registry was underway without Clinton lifting a finger .
In the beginning of Arda, the Valar created the Two Lamps
Israeli security forces have been pursuing Bedouin Palestinians living in the desolate wilderness between East Jerusalem and the Dead Sea , where several Jewish settlements have been established .
Yeltsin went on a two-day trip outside Moscow last week to check out a holiday home .
Bofur, astride a Troll, managed to help them against the Troll, but the Wargs forced Dwalin, Fíli and Kíli to take the mounts and leave Balin behind to fend off his foes while they went to Ravenhill
The 36-year-old Briton is still considering the offer and is expected to announce his decision later on Wednesday .
Elrond may have done the same with Vilya in Rivendell
Camp to the North was a bivouac in Mirkwood for hunters from the Lake-town
The Sea of Ringil was a great inland sea of Arda that existed before the War of the Powers
Tim Henman ( Britain ) beat Doug Flach ( U.S. ) 6-3 6-4 6-2
In the Second Age, a people related to the Dunlendings had lived in the White Mountains, and they had for a time served the Dark Lord Sauron
The result helped erase memories of Ireland 's visit to the Eschen stadium 14 months ago , when Jack Charlton 's side were held to a frustrating 0-0 draw which ultimately cost them a place in the European championship finals .
6-2
Zimbabwe
Eärnils army descended on the unprepared Wainriders, driving many of them into the swamplands of the Dead Marshes
Lauck 's lawyer vowed he would appeal against the court 's decision , arguing that his client should have been set free because he had not committed any offence under German law .
Afterward, the final decline of the Elves power in Middle-earth began, paralleled by the rise of Men in the West, the restoration of the King of Gondor and Arnor, and the start of the Fourth Age, during which the final decline of the Dwarves also began
Ilúvatar declared that, after the worlds end, Men would play a part in the "Second Music of the Ainur", as they were not bound to Arda as the Elves were
However, in "Unfinished Tales", a section contains a lengthy description of the wars between Gondor and the Wainriders
Scotland .
JOHANNESBURG 1996-08-31
278 Greg Norman ( Australia ) 70 68 69 71
The element "arnen" in the name Tolkien explained as of pre-Númenórean origin, while "emyn" in Sindarin means "hills"
In "" film, Elrond leads Isildur to the Cracks of Doom to destroy the One Ring immediately after it is cut from Saurons hand, but Isildur refuses and takes the Ring for himself
Scores : Australia 263-7 in 50 overs , Zimbabwe 138 all out in 41 overs .
Bourlet said two other people had also been arrested .
Some of the lyrics in the song are in Quenya
Two-hundred years later in TA 1851, the Easterling Wainriders invaded Gondor through the East-lands and in TA 1856 the King Narmacil lost a key battle that resulted in the East-lands being completely lost to Gondor for over a thousand years
During the , he accompanied his master and an army of Orcs to claim the ruined city of as their base
Dorwinion was known quite well for its high-quality and widely enjoyed wines that they were imported even by the Elves of the Halls of Thranduil in Mirkwood, the Men of Dale and Lake-town, and the Dwarves of the Lonely Mountain and of the Iron Hills
Seeing that there was nothing Fingon could do to help him, and being in agony without hope of respite, Maedhros begged Fingon to shoot him
During the Second Age and Third Age Sindarin was a for all Elves and their friends, until it was displaced as the Common tongue by Westron, a descendant of Adûnaic which was heavily influenced by Sindarin
The Black Uruks, or simply Uruks of Mordor, were an elite breed of Orc that made up part of Saurons vast army
69 Jose Coceres ( Argentina ) , Raymond Russell , Robert Allenby
Dorongúr Whitethorn was an Elf and one of the original inhabitants of Edhelion. Dorongúr led Elrond and the player to the place where they saw that Skorgrím Dourhand and two Dourhands had surrounded Talagan Silvertongue, the lord of Edhelion
Quenya and Telerin are so much alike that many thought the latter a dialect of the former, but while linguistically plausible this is historically untrue though, as the languages do not share a common history
The last Dúnedain fled around this time and the remaining population of Hill-men died out at some point after this
The final use of the palantír is shown in the extended edition of the film, following the Battle of the Pelennor Fields, when Aragorn retrieves it in the throne room of Minas Tirith, where he confronts Sauron and reveals himself as the heir of Elendil wielding the reforged sword Andúril
Thrall Masters and their thralls cannot be upgraded with other armor or weapons
Since foreigners had rarely been spotted by the Harfoots at that part of the year, this arouses suspicions in Sadoc Burrows and others
Avallonë was a Quenya word that meant Near Valinor
After the revival of the Reunited Kingdom of Gondor and Arnor in the Fourth Age, many of the Haradrim were pardoned and allowed to live in peace
DOETINCHEM , Netherlands 1996-08-29
Eventually, though, during Talions final assault on Barad-dûr, Talion and Celebrimbor came to a disagreement after defeating Isildurs wraith
A true son of a warlike race, Farin is skilled in the use of all melee weapons and adept with a crossbow
Túrin left those who followed him in the mountains, but not before Asgon reminded Túrin of the hardship he had brought upon them, and warned him not to return unless it was to free them
The Mannish language was used in Brethil by the men who lived there
-- Secretary general of the Sud-PTT trade union at France Telecom all the elements are in place for social unrest in the next few weeks .
The last red spider named, Wicked is by far the strongest, you must hit it with frozen rocks and then use Sting and a jump+attack combo in order to kill it
BONN 1996-08-30
Olympic champions Michael Johnson and Donovan Bailey and former champion Linford Christie will run in a " Dream Team " sprint relay squad in honour of Jesse Owens on Friday .
Naoko Kijimuta ( Japan ) beat Tatyana Jecmenica ( Yugoslavia ) 6-3 6-2
The name Goldwine means "Gold-friend", from the Old English "gold" and "wine" ("friend")
" I think Boatmen 's was shopping itself , and everybody knew if you wanted to be the winning buyer here , you had to make the bid nobody would beat , " Ancell said .
This power also extended to a dragons treasure hoard, causing it to excite feelings of greed and animosity among others who would possess it
His actions led to the War of Palisor, in which the Hisildi fought against the army of Melko, formed by Goblins and Nauglath
Most regular units also have abilities of their own
On March 17 the Easterlings met the armies of the Dwarves of Erebor and the Men of Dale outside the city of Dale
Before the Dwarves abandoned Moria, mithril was worth ten times its own volume in gold
Dor Firn-i-Guinar was Sindarin for Land of the Dead that Live
In the battle between Éomers men and the orcs, fifteen Riders were killed
1. Shayne King 323 points
Australia , in Sri Lanka for a limited overs tournament which also includes India and Zimbabwe , have been promised the presence of commandos , sniffer dogs and plainclothes policemen to ensure the tournament is trouble-free .
KATHMANDU 1996-08-23
I am entitled to see Jerusalem , " he said .
SOCCER - POLAND TIES CYPRUS 2-2 IN FRIENDLY MATCH .
Thráin II himself lost an eye and was wounded in the leg, and Thorin was wounded when his shield broke and he had to use an oak branch to defend himself
Later, when the Elves on their Great Journey to Valinor looked upon their terrible height, a portion of the Teleri, later known as the Nandor grew afraid and turned south down the Great River
Jimmy Key ( 9-10 ) took the loss as the Yankees lost their ninth in 14 games .
The name came from the Quenya word Elerossë
The Dourhands shared the ideals of the First Age Dwarves and hated the Elves deeply
After the destruction of the Two Trees, Melko came back to the Great Lands and having heard about the Awakening of Men, he sent Fankil to Palisor to deceive Men
In TA 3019 during the War of the Ring, the Men of Dale aided the Dwarves in defending the Lonely Mountain from the Easterlings
Meanwhile, Eärnil, commanding the southern army based at Pelargir received news of the impending invasion on the ninth day of Cermië and prepared a force that crossed the river Anduin, leaving the Fords of the Poros purposely undefended
PITTSBURGH AT HOUSTON
A Night In Rivendell is the second album by the Danish group The Tolkien Ensemble
In the American League wild-card race , the Mariners are three games behind the White Sox , two behind Baltimore and two ahead of the Red Sox heading into Boston for a weekend series .
The song earned her nomination for a Golden Globe Award and an Academy Award in 2002
Luehrs said manufacturing will begin and revenue will start to roll in during the first half of next year .
Gondors great cities, Minas Anor, Minas Ithil, Osgiliath and Pelargir, only grew and the Dúnedain of Gondor ruled over more and more of the lesser men of Middle-earth
The east of Mordor is by far the least mentioned of any of Mordors geographic notes and descriptions
One of the lies was that the sons of Indis, of which Fingolfin was the eldest, were trying to usurp Fëanor as the rightful heir of Finwë and seize the Silmarils, three magnificently beautiful gems that Fëanor had created, for themselves
On the hills outside Dale, a squad of huge catapult trolls launched volleys of rocks against the defending walls while a large troll equipped with a stone headpiece charged the north wall and bashed through it, creating an opening for the Orcs to enter
-- Chicago newsdesk 312-408-8720--
THE HAGUE 1996-08-30
The region was apparently warm and gentle, with coniferous woodlands
However, Morgoth acted in order to corrupt Men when they were still in the east of Middle-earth, thus some of them chose to move westward seeking the rumored Great Sea and the Light found there
this artificial atmosphere is very dangerous because those who spread it could become its prisoners , " Levy said .
7. Pauline Konga ( Kenya ) 15:09.74
Unbeknownst to him, hearing its Masters call, the One Ring - too - was recovered from Gollum, falling into the hand of Bilbo Baggins, a member of Thorins company
Eorl swore an oath of friendship, and of aid when summoned, to the Lords of Gondor, and thus the Rohirrim became the greatest ally of the Men of Gondor from the later part of the Third Age and beyond
His hope was that once Shelob finished eating the two hobbits, she would throw away the One Ring with the other parts of the hobbits that she could not eat, allowing Gollum to retrieve it
-- Amsterdam newsroom +31 20 504 5000 , Fax +31 20 504 5040
Malta police seize cannabis among chilli sauce .
After Tuor have recovered the armor and the shield the seven swans offered one feather each, which him set in the crest of his helm
They came across six, nine, and twelve pairs of Elves, and each "patriarch" claimed the pairs as his folk in order
The vernacular of this lands inhabitants, including possibly the Stoors, was Dunlendish
At this time they had come to congregate in the valleys of the White Mountains and the grassy plains of Dunland, which lay west of the Misty Mountains between Moria and Isengard; a few went north, and became the ancestors of the Men of Bree
The royal titles however were still taken in Quenya out of respect for ancient customs rather than love for the Eldar
Britain hands Hong Kong back to China at midnight on June 30 , 1997 , after 150 years of colonial rule .
6. Frank Asselman ( Belgium ) 13.64
NEW YORK AT SEATTLE
" Commander Nuour Marial is a soldier so he must accept the leadership 's decision .
- Mexico City newsroom 525 728-9559
At this time of year , the only colour in Longyear comes from the brightly-painted wooden houses .
Sergi Bruguera ( Spain ) beat Michael Stich ( Germany ) 6-3 6-2
Saqlain Mushtaq .
To the North, the Men of Gondor and Haradrim regularly skirmished over the territory labelled on the maps as South Gondor
5. Kenneth Eriksson ( Sweden ) Subaru Impreza 2:39
The entire element of the "Machinations of Uldor" delaying Maedhross march is removed, and Morgoth sends a second force to meet Maedhros and prevent him from joining with the other elf lords
Dwarves would, as a rule, not tell people of other races their real names, but take names in Westron instead, and keep their real names secret, not even on their tombs would they inscribe it
1993 - Six former Soviet republics , Russia , Belarus , Kazakhstan , Uzbekistan , Armenia and Tajikistan , signed framework agreement to keep the Russian rouble as their common currency .
" We will not achieve the full 37 million French franc ( net ) profit forecast , " Frater said . "
Grinnah finds Thorins sword, Orcrist, and all the goblin colony goes into a hectic fright, due to the fact that Orcrist had slain over 1000 goblins before
Each conference is named with a Quenya ordinal number, beginning with "Minya" for first
Lanthir Lamath is a Sindarin word that meant Waterfall of Echoing Voices
The Falmari, originally Telerin Elves of Aman under Olwë, and the Falathrim, Elves of the Havens of the Falas in Middle-earth, were masters of ship-building and were great mariners, but not great explorers or formidable sea-powers like Men would become; Elves used their ships mainly for travel, or in later millennia to take the Straight Road over the Sea to Valinor
One known Dunlendish word was "forgoil", a name with which the Dunlendings insulted the Rohirrim
The Russian army commander in the region , General Vyacheslav Tikhomirov , arrived at the rebel-held village of Novye Atagi , some 20 km ( 12 miles ) south of the Chechen capital Grozny for discussions with rebel chief-of-staff Aslan Maskhadov .
The Faithful settled in Pelargir and the Kings Men settled in Umbar
KANSAS CITY AT DETROIT
Drunk with the prospect of victory, Azog regrouped his forces on the plain for a final destructive charge against the remaining Dwarvish forces, which had been whittled down to just 4,000 left standing
few fought on either side during the Last Alliance of Elves and Men at the end of the Second Age, and none from the House of Durin ever fought on the side of evil
One Orc from the band that took Merry and Pippin prisoners utters a tirade of curses at one point that is presumably Orkish, but apparently contains at least some elements of Black Speech
Members of the House of Telcontar are referred to as the "Telcontari", because Telcontari (Striders) is the plural of Telcontar in Quenya
Did not bat : Arjuna Ranatunga , Asanka Gurusinha , Hashan
Flamboyant former Surinamese guerrilla leader Ronny Brunswijk walked free on Friday after charges of attempted murder were dropped , police said .
They were the daughters of a ruler from a distant land who were sent to Mordor in order to recover rings of power
Leaders of Iraq 's two main Kurdish factions agreed on Friday to end six days of fighting and to attend U.S.-mediated peace talks next month , the State Department said .
In Paris , the CAC-40 share index finished down 2.43 at 2,017.99 .
A. Stewart b Mushtaq Ahmed 44
During the Battle of the Pelennor Fields Gothmog personally kills the Ranger Halbarad, but when his master is undone and can no longer bring him back from the void, he suddenly feels fear again and flees the battlefield before Aragorn
Marchwardens were highly skilled Elf-rangers and warriors tasked with guarding the outer borders of their realms
They wore clothes of leather and animal skin and carried weapons that were simple but effective for their purpose
7. Frank Busemann ( Germany ) 13.58
Ori, who was with him in Moria, recorded in the last pages of the Book how an army of Orcs came unexpectedly out of the east, slaying Balin outside the East-gate
The name Mitheithel means "Gray Well" in Sindarin
It was oval in shape and ran about two-hundred miles from east to west and over one-hundred and fifty miles from north to south
The Leader and his men fled, leaving the four hobbits to raise the Shire, and to rally their troops
2. Jearl Miles ( U.S. ) 50.42
In all three films, Thrór is partially blamed for the coming of Smaug, having become so greedy and overtaken with lust for gold that his massive hoard eventually draws the dragon to the Lonely Mountain
He contributed drawings of many of J.R.R. Tolkiens Dwarves, races of Men, and other miscellanea to Iron Crown Enterprises "Middle-earth Collectible Card Game", released in 1995
( players U.S. unless stated ) :
India said on Thursday that its opposition to a global nuclear test ban treaty did not mean New Delhi intended to enter into an arms race with neighbouring Pakistan and China .
A hijacked Sudan Airways plane with 199 passengers and crew on board was expected to land at London 's Stansted airport later on Tuesday morning , a police spokeswoman said .
Húrin comes, and Mîm warns him of the curse on the gold both from the dragon laying on it for long years, and because he too had put magical wards on it
In Tolkiens fiction, Dalish (the language of Dale) had the same relationship to Rohirric and Westron as Old Norse has to English, so since Westron was rendered in English, the language of Dale was rendered in Old Norse
2. Kim Graham ( U.S. ) 52.17
He sends the Ringwraiths to reclaim the One Ring from its bearer, Frodo Baggins, but Aragorn, heir of Elendil gets him to safety in Rivendell, where its decided he will take the Ring to Mount Doom and destroy it
He wedded Arwen, daughter of Elrond, brother of Elros first King of Númenór, and so restored the majesty and high lineage of the royal House of Telcontar, but their life-span was not restored and continued to slowly wane until it became like that of other men
Just before his nephew embarked on his quest to Mordor from Rivendell, Bilbo gave Sting to Frodo
Succumbing to greed, Thrór denies his potential ally, Thranduil, the Elven King of the Woodland Realm, ownership of the the White Gems, which creates a rift between their peoples, with Thranduil warning the Dwarf lord of his vast horde of gold luring evil in the future
The Key to the Side-door was a small curious-looking silver key with a long barrel
The name "Andúril" means "Flame of the West", from the Quenya "andúnë" ("west, sunset") and "ril" ("brilliance")
Hong Kong Financial Secretary Donald Tsang said on Thursday he expected the territory 's economy to keep growing at around five percent but with some fluctuations from year to year .
Benetton ( Italy ) 92 Dinamo ( Russia ) 81 ( halftime 50-28 )
Thorin cannot hold back his anger and charges at Azog, who easily fells Thorin with his mace
In TA 2758, Wulf took revenge for his fathers death, invading Rohan with a force of Dunlendings and enemies of Gondor while Helm was occupied with an invasion in the east of Rohan
Iant Iaur is Sindarin for "old bridge." Khazad-dûm, commonly known as Moria or the Dwarrowdelf, was an underground kingdom beneath the Misty Mountains
" Iraqi army heavily shelled the Kanie Karzhala camp , west of Arbil , on Friday ...
-- Budapest newsroom ( 36 1)266 2410
Ar-Zimrathôn was the twenty-first King of Númenor
The Ogres successfully accomplish their mission, knocking down the machines and killing Dwarves with their maces
Christopher Tolkien chose to leave it unpublished as he believed it added nothing new to "The Fall of Gondolin" (as given in "The Book of Lost Tales Part Two"), possibly because his father found its metrical form unsuitable to the purpose
Bregil was an Edain woman of the House of Bëor
They included all the top officers from the fraud division of the north of Buenos Aires province , including Commissioner Juan Carlos Lago .
Zhirinovsky visited Iraq twice in 1995 .
Bowling : Vass 7-0-29-0 , de Silva 4-0-25-0 , Dharmasena
The Ñoldorin population of Middle-earth was greatly diminished in the Third Age, which was partly why the kingship remained unclaimed
Dor Daedeloth was Sindarin for Land of the Shadow of Horror
While Balin, and Dwalin walked amidst the heaps of their slain kin, Thorin was told by several Dwarves that Thráin was gone as well
Traders said the Fed 's decision to adopt a tightening bias at the July FOMC meeting has cast more focus on every piece of U.S. economic news .
In the DVD extended edition extras to "", the films swordmaster Bob Anderson described Mortensen as "the best swordsman Ive ever trained"
The embassy official said the three men , believed to be in their 20s , were currently in Abu Dhabi .
- Aleix Vidal-Quadras - Catalan nationalists are demanding my defenestration
He had a great love for treasure and it attracted unwanted attention: the dragon Smaug
Joseph Kuhn , Advanced Medical and IMED president , will become the new company 's executive vice president and chief financial officer .
1. Donovan Bailey ( Canada ) , Michael Johnson ( U.S. ) , Frankie
1 - Steffi Graf ( Germany ) beat Karin Kschwendt ( Austria ) 6-2 6-1
In early linguistic writings, "Aman" was intended to be a "native Quenya form", derived from the root MAN ("good")
MOSCOW 1996-08-27
Before Levy 's arrival in Bonn , German Defence Minister Volker Ruehe will visit Israel from September 2 to 4 , the defence ministry said .
Bard the guardsman and his Men give them food, and they continue toward the end of their journey, at the Lonely Mountain. Bilbo finds the secret door while the thrush from earlier knocks on the hard stone, and Thorin unlocks it with the key
His folk later became the Ñoldor
Bumping Agassi up to the sixth seeding avoided the possibility that he would run into Sampras as early as the quarter-finals , but they could lock horns in the semis .
The Treasury Department said Libya was on the U.S. list of states that sponsor international terrorism and noted that Tripoli has refused to hand over two Libyan suspects in the 1988 bombing of Pan Am flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland .
England were 100 for two at lunch on the first day of the third and final test against Pakistan at The Oval on Thursday .
Three journalists from the Ivorian opposition daily La Voie are serving two-year prison terms for insulting President Henri Konan Bedie .
BALTIMORE 1996-08-27
" After a meeting between the governor of north Kivu and the prefect of Gisenyi , 28 prisoners ( refugees ) were handed over to Rwandan authorities on Friday , " Gatera said . "
Examples are a study by John Garth of possible Middle-eastern inspirations for Tolkiens "Ainulindalë" and his early uses of Akkadian, and a comparison by Łukasz Neubauer of Ardas divine beings (Eru and the Ainur) to that of George R
The "Star" was one of the three Silmarils fashioned by Fëanor and stolen by Morgoth
Talks between Russia 's Alexander Lebed and Chechen separatist leaders were going well on Thursday and the two sides were working out a detailed schedule on how to stop the war , a Lebed aide said .
He loved ships and everything connected to ship-lore and ship building
Calenardhon had been given by his father to the Éothéod, and Hallas grew particularly friendly with the new arrivals and devised the names "Rochand" and "Rochirrim" for the land and its people, which became "Rohan" and "Rohirrim" in the Sindarin dialect of Gondor
It said the U.S. State Department 's coordinator for counter terrorism , Philip Wilcox , had expressed Washington 's support for the government when he visited Colombo this week .
The "Narn i Chîn Húrin" tells of the fates of Húrins children Túrin and Niënor Níniel, with emphasis on Túrin
In an unfinished essay, Tolkien expanded upon Baldors fate, stating that he made it as far as the door (which led to an old temple built by men who worshipped Sauron) before unknown enemies broke his legs, leaving him to die in the darkness
The hijack started when the flight left Khartoum for Amman on Monday night .
However, his final destiny is unclear
In addition, his encyclopaedic knowledge of his hoard is shown to be so great that he managed to "feel" the One Ring carried by Bilbo, describing it as "something made of gold, but far more precious"
Drakes do not have vivid horns on the heads as dragons do, and have large jaws resembling those of crocodiles
Francisco Clavet ( Spain ) vs. 16 - Cedric Pioline ( France )
9-2-26-1 ( 1nb , 3w ) , M. Waugh 5-1-24-3
It plays as Bilbo leaves Bag End and the Shire
The partial story of Aldarion and Erendis can be found in Tolkiens "Unfinished Tales", (ed
Rómenna is a Quenya word meaning eastwards
August
Though Nordinbad was never wealthy in gold or jewels, the inhabitants considered it to be rich in beauty
WHEAT SALES - Taiwan Flour Mills Assn bought 98,000 tonnes of U.S. No.1 or No.2 wheat from Cargill , Mitsui , Continental and Louis Dreyfus Corp for shipment from the Pacific Northwest .
I have never seen her , but I can only bless her for what she has done for people like me , " Das told The Statesman .
An army of Dwarves attacked Doriath and defeated the Elves
Neemuch n.a Yellow - -
" I have made a chairman 's decision that it is not feasible to hold municipal elections on September 14 , " said Frowick .
Boorman remembers that as late as 1975, "all I got was embarrassed smiles"
And so Isildur cursed them, saying: "Thou shalt be the last king, and if the west prove mightier than thy Black Master, this curse I lay upon thee and thy folk; to rest never until your oath is fulfilled
In " film, a Warg serves as the mount for Gothmog during the Siege of Gondor, and several other Wargs can be seen storming the city with their Orc riders
63 Raymond Russell
2. Ian Mackie ( Britain ) 10.17
Barnsley v Huddersfield
Beauty queens are high-profile personalities in Venezuela and Machado 's alleged weight problem made front page news this week .
BRUSSELS 1996-08-31
This oath became the cause for great tragedy for Fëanors family, and for the Eldar in general
He is seen in the to Peter Jacksons "." In "The Art of The Return of the King", Boltons concept sketches for Mûmakil (Oliphaunts) are featured, along with his commentary on them
Up to 200,000 Serbs fled to Bosnia and Yugoslavia , leaving Krajina vacant and depopulated .
Dr Robert Aranosian , emergency room director at Pontiac Osteopathic Hospital , said Kevorkian brought in the body of Patricia Smith , of Lees Summit , Mo .
They said in a statement they agreed to have regular telephone contact to discuss progress in strengthening ties with the West .
If Glaurungs development mirrors that of other dragons, then it also takes a great deal of time for their scales to become hard, as Glaurungs could still be penetrated by arrows after a century of development
Fastitocalon is described in the hobbitish poem of the same name
Christopher Tolkien notes in "The Peoples of Middle-earth" that in the final version of Akallabêth, written by his father, the work is written in the voice of Pengolodh, and that the story was originally addressed to Ælfwine by him
An early version of this ranges name was the Sindarin Ered Hithui
Todd Woodbridge ( Australia ) beat 4 - Marcelo Rios ( Chile ) 6-0
LONDON 1996-08-26
Once there he found that competing bands of Uruks and Morgul Orcs had rioted and killed one another over the possession of Frodos Mithril coat, thus making it easier for Sam to get to Frodo and escape the tower with him
Thengel had learned Sindarin while living in Gondor, and in his house it was the daily tongue, together with Westron the common speech
The sixth-ranked Ivanisevic , who lost in the final at Indianapolis to world number one Pete Sampras of the U.S. last Sunday , made a quick getaway after his loss but did say : " Something was not there when I arrived ( in Toronto ) .
Burma 's democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi hit out at the government on Saturday for recent arrests and jailing of activists , saying the military abused the law to try to crush the democracy movement .
However the wargs bring down the trees, leaving the company on a tree hanging over a cliff
The Angels battered Kenny Rogers ( 10-7 ) for five runs in the first .
Tol Sirion was Sindarin for Island of Sirion
In the cave, a number of weapons were found, Glamdring (Beater) and Orcrist (Biter) among them
Colombia 's Coast Guard on Thursday rescued 12 people lost for three days in an open boat off the Pacific coast , officials said .
They turn to Denethor II for help, trying to reassure him that, thanks to the Red Arrow, King Théoden and the army of Rohan are on their way
It is believed that had the Haradrim or Easterlings been capable of attacking Gondor at this time, it would have fallen
Lachend was one Sindarin name that other Elves gave them, which translates as flame-eyed
The name was of Lemberin language (later Avarin or Telerian), along with other Sindarin names such as "Amroth", "Legolas", and "Thranduil"
Dáin was a wise and just leader, and brought much wealth to the mountain realm and was on good terms with the Men of Dale to the south and the Elven king of Northern Mirkwood as well, which ensured peace for many years to come
"Aldalómë "- Combination of Quenya words meaning tree-shadow used by Treebeard the Ent
Lauck was also convicted of disseminating the symbols of anti-constitutional organisations .
Ulrad was one of the Men in the band of outlaws led by Túrin Turambar; he was a friend of the groups former leader, whom Túrin had killed
287 Costantino Rocca ( Italy ) 74 71 75 67 , Clarence Rose 72 71
Mike Piazza
Sporting 's Luis Miguel Predrosa scored the first goal of the new league season as the Lisbon side cruised to a 3-1 away win over SC Espinho on Friday .
At the end of this, Thingol ended up in possession of one of the Silmarils
"May It Be" and "Aníron" both feature Elven languages, respectively Quenya and Sindarin
Imin and Tata awakened him after they themselves awoke
After the destruction of the One Ring and Saurons defeat, Celeborn and Galadriel crossed the Anduin and destroyed Dol Guldur
He went gaga for Michaels mom at age 18
We urge both sides to continue their dialogue aimed at reaching a political settlement " of the 20-month conflict between Russian troops and Chechen rebels , State Department spokesman Glyn Davies said .
The light of Eärendils Star shone from the Phial, causing unbearable stabbing pain to Shelobs darkened senses, but she returned to attack Frodo, poisoning him with her stinger in a surprise attack just as they reached the exit of the cave on the Mordor side
While Drakes appear instead of fellbeasts, hell-hawks, which is originally an alias of "fellbeasts", appears as the name of a different race in the video game "" of "Shadow of Mordor" series
Bosnia 's Moslem-led central government and many displaced Moslems are angered by a key provision of the Western-organised September 14 elections allowing people to vote in post-war " new places of residence . "
The Fourth Age began once Sauron was vanquished and the One Ring destroyed
" One of the police versions in the case of the murder of young gypsy woman in Topolcany , western Slovakia , this July , is a suspicion that Mark Dutroux could have been involved in the murder , " Gajdos said without elaborating on the age of the victim and on the other versions .
Xiao said crushing legitimate dissent was only making the problem worse and one day China would pay a high price .
Initially, the three Houses of Men established themselves in Estolad, within the lands of Amrod and Amras
Sador is a Sindarin word meaning "steadfast, trusty, or loyal"
Its inhabitants are primarily Dunlendings from Rhudaur, and some men from Rhûn
Bard and Thranduil use the Arkenstone to try to negotiate with Thorin
Aside from the troubles with the Dunlendings his rule saw a new trouble, as the War of the Dwarves and Orcs caused great numbers of Orcs to flee from the Misty Mountains, the Orcs sought to make strongholds and refuges in the White Mountains south of Rohan
Mithril is said to have been as strong as dragon scales, though lighter in weight
Canada fast-tracks Chinese asylum-seekers - report .
After Bard killed the dragon Smaug, the Men of the Lake and the Wood-elves both laid siege to the Dwarves in the Lonely Mountain, the thirteen Dwarves of the Lonely Mountain under Thorin II Oakenshield having refused to share any of the treasure that they had recaptured from Smaug
Shagrat alone managed to get away, and made for Barad-dûr with the mithril coat
During the War of the Ring the Haradrim allied with Sauron and a Haradrim archer near fatally wounded Faramir as he retreated to Minas Tirith
He sent the three rings away for safekeeping: Vilya and Narya to Gil-galad in Lindon; and Nenya to Galadriel in Lórien
After giving the dress to his wife, Braga and his men captured Thorin and the Dwarves that were stealing weapons and brought them to the Master
One U.S. firm bought 35,000 September 97 mid-curve put options at a strike price of 93.25 to 93.30 in the last two sessions , while a French firm bought 4,000 September 93.30 to 93.32 put spreads .
When Eärendil arrived in Aman to beg for assistance from the Valar, Mandos considered Eärendil and Elwings fate as Half-elven and gave them and their descendants a choice: to be counted among either Elves or Men
It is likewise unknown if the two forms of Ñoldorin Quenya mingled when the slain Elves became re-embodied in the Undying Lands or when the Exiled Ñoldor returned to Aman after the First Age
AMSTERDAM 1996-08-28
Belgium 's best second-half effort came three minutes later when Degryse put the ball over the bar from close range with Recber beaten .
Finland beat the Czech Republic
King Birendra left Nepal on Friday for a week-long visit to China , his eighth since ascending the throne in 1972 , officials said .
Glasgow Rangers striker Ally McCoist , another man in form after two hat-tricks in four days , was also named for the August 31 World Cup qualifier against Austria in Vienna .
Barentsburg , just a few hours ride by snow-scooter or 15 minutes by helicopter from Longyear , has asked to be left alone with its grief and told reporters to stay away .
In later years, Gorin passes the lordship of Nordinbad down to Nordri, and he rules with good cause and utter surety
Drew said Peiris , a bird enthusiast , would have succeeded with the fraud if he had not tried to trade a fourth pair of bogus birds after an associate had told police of the scam .
He was defeated by the Men of Arnor once becoming hostile, but Angmar came to free him, as Morgomir, the Witch-kings second, recognized a valuable ally to control the forces of Men of Rhudaur
Valkov said he could not curb the summer charter flights of national carrier Balkan Airlines , which carries thousands of foreign tourists to the Bulgarian Black Sea resorts .
Narya is also visible on Gandalfs hand at the end of " during the Grey Havens scene
The Kings Men migrated because they wanted to conquer more lands, and the Faithful because they were persecuted by the Kings
Many of his "Lord of the Rings" co-stars thought him to be English due to the British accent he used (even off camera), and were surprised to hear him speak with an American accent when filming was complete
( Australia ) 6-2 6-4
However, Eärnur arrived too late to be of help in defending Arnors territories, and his army sought revenge against the Witch-king instead
The United States on Tuesday welcomed a deal aimed at resuming a troop withdrawal from the embattled Chechen capital , Grozny .
There were a total of seventy Ruffians in total buried in the pit
After his village is burned down by Uruks, Kahliel along with Firyal, Jubayr, and Yazan assist the players heroes in finding his lost villagers
Ingoldo was Finrod Felagunds mother-name that means "the Ñoldo" in Quenya
Grubb demands proof of Bilbos identity, but is satisfied when the hobbit produces the contract given him by Thorin and Company over a year earlier
" Those little seconds were like an hour to me , " said Oncins , who promptly fired two serves barely contained by the baseline as he frittered away his best chance .
At Leicester : Leicestershire 353 ( P. Simmons 108 , P. Nixon 67 ;
Phil Mickelson birdied two of the last three holes to win World Series of Golf by three strokes over Billy Mayfair on Sunday .
3. Lucy Tyler-Sharman ( Australia ) 3:31.830
In Gnomish, it was called "Arlisgion" or "Garlisgion", and its Early Quenya cognate was "Ardaliskea"
Centre Japie Mulder has been ruled out of South Africa 's team for the second test against New Zealand in Pretoria on Saturday .
COLOMBO 1996-08-22
Zeng Yaqiong ( China ) beat Li Feng ( New Zealand ) 11-9 11-6
CRICKET - ENGLAND V PAKISTAN ONE-DAY SCOREBOARD .
The Russians , working for the Aerostan firm in the Russian republic of Tatarstan , were taken hostage after a Taleban MiG-19 fighter forced their cargo plane to land in August 1995 .
Mahala is a Moslem village on Bosnian Serb republic territory .
In addition to their magical powers and despite their elderly appearances, the Wizards were gifted with incredible physical and martial prowess and skill with weaponry surpassing those of Men and Dwarves and equalling those of Elves
Tony Hall of Ohio said he and other Democrats who opposed abortion had always felt left out in their own party .
( Sweden ) , Roger Chapman , Mark Davis , Pierre Fulke ( Sweden ) ,
The Master-stone was made at an unknown time by the Ñoldorin prince Fëanor while he was still in Aman
Elrond had not sent out summons beforehand for the council; instead, many of its attendees such as Boromir, Legolas, Gimli, and others had happened to convene at Rivendell in that week, each for different reasons
His first ability is a passive that boosts the attack, defense and experience gained of all hill-men by 20%, which is weaker then the usual 50% associated with most heroes but is offset by how easy it is to spam the hill-men
At the end of the three months, he rode north with his son Hallas and his counsellors, and led Eorl and some of his guard to the hidden tomb of Elendil upon Amon Anwar (Hill of Awe), which was later renamed Halifirien (the Holy Mountain) in Rohirric
Shortly after Aragorns coronation as King Elessar, Gandalf took him by an ancient path into the foothills of Mindolluin, far above the city
After exchanges of catapult fire being the Orcs and Men, the Nazgûl - now astride winged Fellbeasts - took out Gondors trebuchets, allowing for Siege Towers to approach the city walls and engage its defenders
Both laments are in the Quenya tongue
Stairs in each courtyard go to the upper level, where the Mokál Rukh Terrace looks out to the north-east and the Overlook Terrace looks over Agarnaith to the south-west
8. Dmitri Markov ( Belarus ) 5.65
In Tirana : Flamurtari Vlore ( Albania ) 0 Chemlon Humenne
4. Mika Hakkinen ( Finland ) McLaren 1:54.754
We have to enter Doboj to free the Serbs from their own ( separatist ) politics . "
Whether Amandils voyage was successful is unknown, but soon after the destruction of Númenor, a great wave carried Elendils ships safely to Middle-earth, suggesting that his pleas were indeed heard
Frodo was also present at the battle, though he did not fight: he spent the battle making sure that no Ruffians who threw down their weapons were killed as well as making sure that none of the hobbits who had joined the Ruffians were killed stating that no hobbit had killed another hobbit and that it was not going to start there
Ex-Yankee Randy Velarde hit his 11th homer , his most at any professional level .
Old Friends is the second soundtrack of "", played in the scene of Gandalf knocking on Bilbos door at Bag End
French Premier Alain Juppe will pay an official visit to Greece on September 15 to celebrate 150 years of the French Archaeological Society , government spokesman Dimitris Reppas said on Wednesday .
Wilyador is a Great Eagle of the Misty Mountains encountered after a conflict with a band of Goblins that resulted in his wounding with a poison arrow
A Christian of Lewis perspective would see the individuals who rehearsed separate as abusing the human machine as surely as the individuals who got intoxicated
In Peter Jacksons "", Grond has fire spewing from its gaping jaws and is pulled by four huge rhinoceros-like creatures (such "Great Beasts" were briefly mentioned as pulling it in the book)
"From no blood wilt thou shrink," said Túrin after seeing it unharmed by the scorching blood of Glaurung
Israel , which captured and annexed East Jerusalem in 1967 , says it will never cede any part of the city .
In the first game , Ryne Sandberg snapped an eighth-inning tie with an infield single and Kevin Foster ( 6-2 ) outdueled Atlanta 's Tom Glavine ( 13-8 ) for his third straight win , 3-2 .
He costs 5000 gold to be playable and is of the defender class
-- Zurich Editorial , +41 1 631 7340
Annael told him of his peoples intention to leave the caves and escape into the south through the Annon-in-Gelydh, and it was from here that he first learned of King Turgon and Gondolin
It shared its name, in homage, with the "Hammer of the Underworld," a great mace wielded by Morgoth, Saurons former master
The battle was precipitated by Sarumans takeover of the Shire supported by Lotho Sackville-Baggins, and a band of Ruffians who acted as their enforcers
He also has two damage spike abilities: Dark Glory increases the damage and armor of Thrall Masters, Black Númenóreans, and Dark Rangers by a considerable amount and his last abilities is Ruin, a very high damaging single target skill that can only be used against structures. As the mid to end-game leader Hero, he is rather weak in a one on one fight against other heroes and cannot take down more than a few weak battalions
9. Raymond Russell 234,330
In Sindarin the name, Beleg means "mighty"
Zenith will convert its Chihuahua , Mexico , analogue set-top box plant to manufacture the digital boxes .
Ulysses Grant 's papers .
One very notable song was "Far over the Misty Mountains Cold", also known as the "Song of the Lonely Mountain," and commonly referred by fans as the "Dwarf Song." Another song sung in Dwarven culture was the Song of Durin, which told of the history of Khazad-dûm (Moria) and honored Durin, first King of Durins Folk
( Sweden ) , Marcus Wills , Pedro Linhart ( Spain ) , Jamie
Following the destruction of the One Ring at the end of the Third Age, Elronds ring loses its power, and Elrond, with many of his household, leaves Rivendell to sail for Valinor from the Grey Havens; this marks the start of the Fourth Age
However, not all the Pre-Númenóreans were hostile to the Dúnedain; in fact, the two race of Men mingled when were established the Realms in Exile after the Akallabêth
A Primitive Quendian word list may be found in "Quendi and Eldar", an essay found in "The War of the Jewels"
It was taken from Curufin by Beren, who used it to cut a Silmaril out of Melkors Iron Crown
According to a senior campaign official , Clinton " will be making a lot of news in the coming week -- something different each day . "
-- Garry West , Amsterdam newsroom +31 20 504 5000
A Vietnamese man who tried to take a snooze in a railway boxcar in Canada found himself locked in and bound for Alaska with no food or water .
Sam uses his frying pan in the Chamber of Mazarbul as a weapon alongside his Barrow-blade
I think he got a little tight at a couple of moments , " said Washington . "
Quinn added his second and Ireland 's fifth just after the hour to complete the rout and give the Irish their biggest-ever away win .
Owens 's widow Ruth is not well enough to attend but a message from her will be read out during the meeting and one of the sprinter 's relatives is expected to attend .
Hijacked Sudan plane lands at a London airport .
Coolee City WA 5.13 up .02 --- --- 4.7000 unc
289 Scott Hoch 71 68 77 73
3/4 - Hu Zhilan ( China ) beat Nunung Subandoro ( Indonesia ) 5-15
U.S. - Joe-Max Moore ( 3rd minute , 88th on penalty kick ) , Eric Wynalda ( 61st )
SHATOI , Russia 1996-08-25
But in the end Bëor gave up his life willingly and died in peace, a thing previously unheard of by the Elves, who wondered much at the strange lives of Men
" I 've known Herschelle since he was 11 years old and he showed in England how he has matured .
JYVASKLYA , Finland 1996-08-26
During the Great Journey in the Time of the Trees, the Nandor left the Eldarin host when faced with the great heights of the Misty Mountains, and subsequently lived in the Vales of Anduin
Amon Anwar then became the seventh and last of the Warning beacons of Gondor which summoned Rohan in the event of an invasion of Gondor
The government of Canada 's cash balances fell in the week that ended August 28 , the Bank of Canada said on Friday .
Bernardin prayed with him before he died from AIDS last year .
3. Johansson 236
NEW YORK 1996-08-27
Upon returning to Menegroth, Thingol learned that the western army of Morgoth had overrun the Falas
Gil-galad attempts to persuade Elrond to reveal the existence of mithril in Khazad-dûm, though Elrond refuses, having made an oath to Durin
Arch Alberta well tests 1,100 bbl / day .
The Dwarves called themselves the "Khazad", the name Aulë gave them; this translates as the "Hadhodrim" in Sindarin, and the "Casari" in Quenya
Wuhan consumes more than 200 million disposable plastic containers a year , the newspaper said .
When Gondor lost its royal dynasty in TA 2050 the Easterlings started to reorganize themselves, possibly with direction from agents of Sauron, and a fierce tribal confederacy called the Balchoth emerged
Bard and his forces retreat to Dale
Then they have launched attack on three Carn Dûm foundations and cleared building site of any opposition
He makes a deal with the dragon for it to either bring back its horde or perish
She was very knowledgeable on the Elf-draught Limpë and a holder of its secrets, and wise on early Elven history
- Jordan expresses anger at conduct of some Iraqi diplomats in Amman which are incompatible with diplomatic traditions .
The Elves called for Glorfindel and Elrond to lead the army in the final battle, so the army moved on the Witch-king and forced him out of Fornost
His Valarin name is Tulukhastāz, which means "the golden-haired", from the words "tulukha(n)" ("yellow") and "(a)sata-" ("hair of head")
Dramborleg was the great axe used by Tuor
"Aiwendil" (IPA: ), Radagasts original name, meant "bird-friend" in Quenya
Detective Earl Feugill , camouflaged as a shaggy green bush , ordered them to freeze . "
17. Peter Mitchell 183,704
BioVest Research , Inc 's analyst Eddie Hedaya said , " Berlex sales are losing share like mad ...
There are more worries in bond land .
A century later, Angmar began to threaten Eriador, and many Stoors of the Angle fled south to their kin in Dunland where they became a woodland people; others returned to Rhovanion and settled in the Gladden Fields, becoming riverland people Déagol and Sméagol belonged to (c
Ragash hunts Thorin and Company under Yazneg and Fimbul, and witnesses Azog`s feeding Yazneg to the Wargs
The name Arveleg means "Mighty-king", from the Sindarin words "ar(a)" ("royal, noble, high") and "beleg" ("mighty, strong")
His strike missed however, allowing Aragorn to mount the Wargs saddle, where he tried to knock Sharku off
"Weathertop" was the common Bree-land name of the hill; its summit was almost always windy, due to its prominence. Its Sindarin name, "Amon Sûl", meant "Hill of the Wind"
Too young to see military service during World War II, the future Orson Bean did a hitch in the United States Army (1946-47) in occupied Japan
We 're looking at a criminal act that has no political aspect as far as what we can tell , " Schutte added .
Egypt wants nothing to do with Sudanese rulers .
TORONTO 1996-08-22
1241 - Alexander III , King of Scotland , born .
Forochel is a Sindarin word that meant North-ice
The Hobbit had found the Arkenstone - the treasure that Thorin most desired - and he offered it to Bard and Thranduil to use to negotiate
The couple joined a group of outcast Men living in Mordor
To bat : Inzamam-ul-Haq , Salim Malik , Asif Mujtaba , Wasim
The Elvenking and his army arrive, also with the intent of getting treasure, and a three-way war is declared between Dwarves, Elves, and Men. Just when the three armies meet up to battle, Gandalf appears and tells them that an army of goblins is coming
" ( Nyerere ) informed Minister Dini of the latest developments in the ( Great Lakes ) region , with particular respect to Burundi following the military coup d'etat on July 25 , " the ministry said in a statement .
Gamil was a great craftsman, whose work was found in the treasuries of Elu Thingol
The plugged wells have accounted for a dip of 30,000 barrels per day ( bpd ) in Heidrun output to roughly 220,000 bpd , according to the company 's Status Weekly newsletter .
Palestinian President Arafat , attacking Israel 's decision to expand Jewish settlements and its policy on Jerusalem , went before the Palestinian legislature on Wednesday to urge the two million Arabs in the West Bank and Gaza to go to the holy city .
The Easterlings new threat didnt last long
While he does ruthlessly destroy Dale and lays waste to the Dwarves of the Lonely Mountain during his attack on the Lonely Mountain, once he has assumed dominion of the region he seems content to allow the rest of Middle Earth to go about its business, so long as he or his treasure remains undisturbed; although this could be because he feels that the people living in the region have nothing he wants
She had ten cats under her service — nine black and one white, with whom she conversed and set as spies to the Men of Gondor
Davies said he knew of no plans to return the man to Cuba .
Minalcars Defeat of the Easterlings was a battle between Gondor and the Easterlings in the year TA 1248
- Iraq 's President Saddam Hussein meets with chairman of the Russian liberal democratic party Vladimir Zhirinovsky .
The basic halberd design encompassed a bewildering array of variants in Saurons army, as seen when the Orcs under Gothmog kneel with their weapons in a vain attempt to stem the onrushing deluge of Rohirrim horsemen on the Pelennor Fields in the "Return of the King "movie
The publication contains art by Alan Lee
"Elulindo" means "Elwë Singer" in Telerin
"Andúril "- Flame-of-the-West (Quenya), the sword of Aragorn formerly know as Narsil
( Finland ) Gulf McLaren FI GTR 171 laps - 6 hours 18 minutes
After all the Fire-drakes have been released, the Mouth then seeks out Drogoth. The host of Mordor marches upon the northern path to the Dragon Lord, slaying any Men of Dale that attempt to stop them. The Mouth then communicates with Drogoth, and they make a treaty
Gelmir was a Ñoldorin Elf of Nargothrond; son of Guilin and brother of Gwindor
PHILADELPHIA AT LOS ANGELES
Ingwë and his wife Ilwen had many sons, among whom was Ingwion, who led the Vanyarin warriors in the War of Wrath, capturing Eglarest in the first battle
- Ireland 's biggest mortgage lender Irish Permanent ended weeks of stalemate when it announced it was increasing its mortgage lending rate by a quarter of a percentage point .
After his wife died in the year 61 of the Fourth Age (SR 1482), Sam entrusted the Red Book to his daughter, Elanor, and left the Shire
KATHMANDU 1996-08-27
Ischinger said the threat of a major assault to take Grozny had been the unauthorised initiative of the commanding general and not Moscow 's intention .
" Two months ago I started talking about quitting , " said Oncins , who decided to give it one last try and made it through the Open qualifying tournament last weekend .
against England at The Oval on Sunday .
2. Johan Capiot ( Belgium ) Collstrop
FEATURE - " Eco terrorists " target UK builders .
After Bilbo Baggins 111th birthday party, the One Ring was passed onto his nephew, Frodo Baggins
Gandalf the White is shown to slay one of them, using both his staff and Glamdring
Its Dúnedain population slowly shrank, the southern Dúnedain tending to marry late and have few children, so that Gondor gradually lost its main source of strength compared to the surrounding peoples
Originally built by Men of Gondor following the downfall of Sauron at the end of the Second Age, Gondor maintained garrisons in the Towers to prevent the return of evil to Mordor
Saying he needed to tidy up legal loose ends on the deal -- and also cover his back against unnamed pro-war schemers in Moscow -- he flew back to the capital empty-handed on Sunday .
During the Battle of Five Armies, several dozen Goblin Mercenaries activated catapults mounted on the backs of several War Trolls (who possibly came from somewhere near these orcs) to destroy the walls of Dale, while more than a hundred others stormed into the city with the Guldur Orcs, Trolls, and Ogres
GLASGOW 1996-08-31
While Clinton takes a train trip to the Democratic Convention that will renominate him on Wednesday for a second term , Gore is the bright star in the convention city now .
BOGOTA 1996-08-26
Police have detained 26 suspected members of Egypt 's largest militant group al-Gama'a al-Islamiya ( Islamic Group ) , government newspapers reported on Friday .
4. Faroe Islands 8.56
It is unknown if they were immortal, or at least longer lived than Men
But Carlo Hoffmann , an 11-year-old jailer 's son who found the bottle on the beach at Robben Island off Cape Town after winter storms , will send his letter back by ordinary mail on Thursday , the post office said .
After two days of talks with the New Zealand government, Warner Bros
Hong Kong 's Tsang sees growth , smooth transition .
No tree ever grew there following the hobbits burning, and the Glade consisted of grass, weeds, nettles, and other minor plants
Lukashenko responded by cracking down on the nationalist opposition and jailing nearly 200 people for taking part in demonstrations against the pact .
BELGRADE 1996-08-31
In "", "Isengard Orc" parties are joined by hordes of Dunlendings in pillaging and burning the villages of Rohan
1. Shayne King ( New Zealand ) KTM
Bob Dole , the Republican presidential nominee , tried and failed to insert a tolerance clause in his party 's platform recognizing the validity of those within the party who supported abortion rights .
CRICKET - ENGLISH COUNTY CHAMPIONSHIP SCORES .
1822 - Brazil proclaimed independence from Portugal and Pedro I became first Emperor of Brazil in December 1822 .
The Elves possessed different types of swords
The army later returns with Aragorn, Gandalf and the four Hobbits
Mike Atherton 3 5 0 162 64 32.40
They existed in the world of Arda in its earliest days and generally they dwelt in the World of the Unseen, as recorded fleetingly in the earliest forms of Tolkiens Mythology and linguistic writings of the Eldar
Hanson ( 11-15 ) allowed three hits , walked three and struck out four to snap a personal three-game losing streak .
( Spain ) , David Carter
" Usually in the first one or two matches , you want to find your rhythm and want to get into it , " said Graf , who won seven of the last eight points in the breaker .
Sampras avenged that defeat with a straight sets win over the 19-year-old power hitter in the second round at Wimbledon and their rubber match in New York could provide some first-week fireworks .
Any discussions we have at ministerial level will be a continuation of what we began in London on that .
On Wednesday a bookseller in the West Bank town of Ramallah said police about a month ago confiscated several copies of two of Said 's books on the Israel-PLO self-rule deals .
It is unknown how or where Gandalf used it, but during the siege of Minas Tirith he inspired hope and courage in men wherever he passed
13. Rita Razmaite ( Lithuania ) 38.546
Galadriel tells of Finrods later resolve to seek for and defeat Sauron, amidst which he died
Faniel apparently continued to dwell in Aman and did not join the Rebellion of the Ñoldor
"Cormallen "- Sindarin word meaning Ring-bearers
The name Barad Eithel means "Tower of the Well" in Sindarin from "barad" meaning "tower" and "eithel" meaning "well, spring"
Scifo ( Monaco ) , James Debbah ( Nice ) , Patrice Loko ( PSG ) ,
Thingol, disliking mortal Men and determined to prevent their marriage, declares that he will consent only if Beren brings Thingol a Silmaril from Morgoths crown
Gondor was the most prominent kingdom of Men in Middle-earth, bordered by Rohan to the north, Harad to the south, the cape of Andrast and the Sea to the west, and Mordor to the east
RTRS - Queensland gunman evades police in bush hunt .
Outside the city of Dale and the Lonely Mountain, the situation goes from bad to worse for Dáin and his warriors
Gamling is first positioned as a subordinate to Háma and the two appear to share a close friendship
"The Lord of the Rings Strategy Battle Game", produced by Games Workshop, includes an Isengard troll, which is depicted as wearing armour and carrying a shield similar to Uruk-hai
In the War of the Ring, the main army that attacked Minas Tirith set out from Minas Morgul, commanded by the Witch-king of Angmar, observed by Frodo Baggins and Samwise Gamgee
Riddle 1: "What has roots as nobody sees," "Is taller than trees," Up, up it goes, And yet never grows? Answer: a Mountain Riddle 2: "Thirty white horses on a red hill," "First they champ," "Then they stamp," "Then they stand still." Answer: Teeth Riddle 3: "Voiceless it cries," "Wingless flutters," "toothless bites," "Mouthless mutters." Asnwer: Wind Riddle 4: "An eye in a blue face" "Saw an eye in a green face." "“That eye is like to this eye”" "Said the first eye," "“but in low place" "Not in high place.”" Answer: sun on the daisies Riddle 5: "It cannot be seen, cannot be felt," "Cannot be heard, cannot be smelt." "It lies behind stars and under hills," "And empty holes it fills." "It comes first and follows after," "Ends life, kills laughter." Answer: Darkness Riddle 6: "A box without hinges, key or lid," "Yet golden treasure inside is hid." Answer: Egg Riddle 7: "Alive without breath," "As cold as death;" "Never thirsty, ever drinking," "All in mail never clinking" Answer: Fish Riddle 8: "No-legs lay on one-leg," "two legs sat near on three legs," "four legs got some." Answer: Fish on a little one-legged table, man at table sitting on a three-legged stool, the cat gets the bones Riddle 9: "This thing all things devours:" "Birds, beasts, trees, flowers;" "Gnaws iron, bites steel;" "Grinds hard stones to meal;" "Slays king, ruins town," "And beats high mountain down." Answer: Time Riddle 10: "What does Bilbo have in his pocket? " Answer: The One Ring of Power War is a long series of battles usually happening over territorial disputes
Alastair Macdonald
16. Jos Verstappen ( Netherlands ) Arrows 1:55.150
Exceptional items nil
The story is written in the voice of Pengolodh, and is one of the more significant stories associated with Ælfwine in earlier phases of J.R.R. Tolkiens legendarium
The strike , called by the main opposition Bangladesh Nationalist Party ( BNP ) , to denounce the deaths of four students killed by police over the last few days , coincided with a visit to the area by Hasina .
The Silmarils were hallowed by Varda, and would burn any evil or mortal creature who touched them
During the last days of the War of the Ring, the grange was destroyed by Sarumans men and replaced with a series of tarred sheds
Kankkunen has set an astonishing pace for a driver who has not rallied for three months .
Gandalf often used Shadowfaxs great speed to his advantage, for instance during the Battle of the Hornburg, where he organized the scattered Rohirrim army under Erkenbrand and led the attack that broke Sarumans army
The Crown of Gondor or Silver Crown was worn by the Kings of Gondor
Thorin thus reclaimed the mountain, but the Elves of Mirkwood and Men of Lake-town sought a part of the treasure, which Thorin refused to share
The run broke Clemens ' 28-inning shutout streak , longest in the majors this season .
Hong Kong Financial Secretary Donald Tsang said on Friday that the territory had the " infrastructural hardware " to make a success of its future under Chinese sovereignty from mid-1997 .
It quoted the lawyer of Gianfranco Stevanin as saying the 35-year-old farmer confessed on Friday to a Verona magistrate that he had killed and mutilated the women .
MIAMI 1996-08-27
Galadriel points out that the blade was buried with the Witch-king of Angmar by the men of the north within the High Fells of Rhudaur
In this way was the ruling House of Gondor mingled with the Northmen during the reign of King Eldacar, and some Northmen intermarried with the Dúnedain of the South and were eventually reckoned Men of Gondor
Araw is the Sindarin translation of "Oromë"
Sosa , a leading candidate for National League Most Valuable Player honours , was injured August 20th when he was hit by a Mark Hutton pitch in the first inning of an 8-1 victory over the Florida Marlins .
Mohammad Akram 22 4 71 1 71.00
Not only that, but he also tells Bilbo to retrieve the Arkenstone from the locked treasury
He intended to deliver the One Ring to Elrond, as suggested by his eldest son and confidante, Elendur
For Samwise Gamgee - Earth from Galadriels orchard and a Mallorn seed - These were contained in a small box of grey wood with a silver G-rune on the lid
Partizan and Red Star of Yugoslavia , Alba of Germany , and Benetton of Italy are also taking part in the event which continues until Saturday .
Annúminas is a Sindarin word meaning Tower of the West or Sunset-tower
67 68 68 , Raymond Russell 63 69 71
Kabariti flew by helicopter to Palestinian-ruled Ramallah and after a brief arrival ceremony went into talks with Arafat .
Botta , who had accompanied Puglisi to the cemetary , tried to flee the lone gunman but was caught and killed .
Meanwhile, Gandalf used Pippin to light the beacons and call upon Théoden to help in Gondors defense
These are often entered into contests at sponsored tournaments and similar gaming events, such as the One Ring Awards
HONG KONG 1996-08-27
She bears Gandalf away in her arms, and Sauron calls out to her in Black Speech
At the Battle of Sarn Athrad, they were ambushed by a force of Green Elves led by Beren who, with the aid of the Ents of Ossiriand, annihilated the Dwarven force and recovered the Silmaril
Sean is the older half brother of actor Mackenzie Astin, the two recently starred opposite each other in the movie "The Final Season" (2007)- In which Seans characters lover was played by Rachael Leigh Cook, an actress who had also played the lover of his Lord of the Rings co-star, Elijah Wood, eight years earlier in the movie "The Bumblebee Flies Anyway"
" If you really look at the match , " said the 12th-ranked Washington after losing to the 70th-ranked Rafter , " I never really got a chance to play because he was serving big and getting in close to the net .
Melkor, now named "Morgoth" by Fëanor, set the Silmarils in his Iron Crown
Later on, the tribe of the Harfoots makes contact with The Stranger who came from the sky and landed in Rhovanion, where the Harfoot settlement was nearby at that moment
Mîm then put many evil curses on the men
162-4 ( N. Fairbrother 53 not out ) .
Ringils ultimate fate is unknown, it may have been broken by Morgoths foot, or it could have been stolen, and then experienced a similar fate to Glamdring and Orcrist
-- Luli Popescu , Bucharest Newsroom 40-1 3120264
Iraqi Kurdish areas bordering Iran are under the control of guerrillas of the Iraqi Kurdish Patriotic Union of Kurdistan ( PUK ) group .
From Ost-in-Edhil, the city of the Elves, the highroad ran to the west gate of Khazad-dûm, for a friendship arose between Dwarves and Elves, such as has never elsewhere been, to the enrichment of both those peoples
P. Kantharoopan ( Malaysia ) beat 3/4 - Jeroen Van Dijk
Olvar is a Quenya word that meant growing things with roots in the ground
Junior Nationalist members of Romania 's ruling coalition called on Tuesday for the impeachment of President Ion Iliescu for backing a friendship treaty with neighbouring Hungary .
In "The Fellowship of the Ring", Sam Gamgee says his cousin Hal saw a walking tree in the north of the Shire
The name "Morinehtar" means "darkness-slayer." The name "Rómestámo" means "East-helper," from the Quenya word "romen", meaning "uprising, sunrise, east"
8. Karin Janke ( Germany ) 53.13
The Belgian club were fined 25,000 Swiss francs ( $ 20,850 ) for unsporting conduct and captain Guy Hellers banned for seven games .
For seven days the Men and Dwarves barricaded themselves in Erebor until news came from the south of the defeat of Sauron
At first, the Lake-men thought it was gold flowing down the river, but a grim-voiced man named Bard (a descendant of Girion, Lord of Dale) realized that it was the dragon, awake and roused to wrath
In payment for his safekeeping, King Arvedui gave to the Lossoth his ring, the Ring of Barahir, and bade them ransom it to his kin when the Lossoth had need
Because Tolkien was mostly interested the Eldarin branch of the Quendian family, the Avarin tongues are the least attested Elvish languages of the whole legendarium
That night, they were attacked by the Witch-kings forces, who had been joined by Haradrim regiments
Essex 532-8 declared ( G. Gooch 111 , R. Irani 91 ,
SOYBEAN SALES - The Taichung division of Taiwan 's Breakfast Soybean Procurement Assn bought 108,000 tonnes of U.S. soybeans .
Elrond remained in Rivendell until the destruction of the One Ring and of Sauron, after which he went to Minas Tirith to surrender the Sceptre of Annúminas to King Elessar and give his daughter Arwen Undómiel away to be married
8. Takeishi 38:34.999
The Israeli Tolkien Society (עמותת טולקין הישראלית) is the Tolkien Society of
Ivanisevic hit 32 aces but was outplayed from the back court by the 24-year-old Tillstrom .
LISBON 1996-08-24
Clinton departs on Sunday on a four-day train trip through West Virginia , Kentucky , Ohio , Michigan and Indiana while fellow Democrats are gathered in Chicago .
It was finally blown away by a strong wind from the west on March 15 near the end of the battle, signifying a new hope for the Free Peoples of Middle-earth
Mayfair bogeyed the 17th , missing a five foot par putt , and dropped from solo second place to a three way tie for second .
Their plan was to attack Gondors province of Calenardhon from across the Undeeps and that a full scale rebellion in Rhovanion was in preparation by the enslaved Northmen
Ijaz Ahmed c Stewart b Mullally 61
Rhudaur appears briefly in Peter Jacksons (2013) as the location of the High Fells, where, in the films continuity, the Nazgûl were buried following their defeat by the Men of Arnor
But Durin III sent an army of Dwarves which attacked Saurons army in the rear, allowing the Elves to escape
Along with a formidable legion of Gundabad Orcs, and Bats, the film added the appearance of Were-Worms and Trolls and Ogres
BIRMINGHAM , England 1996-08-31
3. Ato Boldon ( Trinidad ) 20.37
LONDON 1996-08-31
David Wenham is an Australian actor who played the role of Faramir, a captain of Gondor, in Peter Jacksons (2002) and (2003)
Elves, like Men, are Children of Eru Ilúvatar and thus are very similar to Men
Amon Anwar is Sindarin for Hill of Awe
J. Srinath not out 1
-- Jakarta newsroom +6221 384-6364
His devotion to Aulë had earned him the name Aulëndur ("Servant of Aulë") from "-ndur" ("to serve")
After Ungoliant destroyed Telperion, the silver tree of Valinor, Yavanna took its last flower and, to encase it, Aulë made a vessel called "Isil the Sheen"
SOCCER - COCU DOUBLE EARNS PSV 4-1 WIN .
Kamil Jamil did n't have a prayer .
Calmindon was built by the future King Tar-Aldarion who was then head of the Guild of Venturers in order to warn ships entering the bay
M. Alleyne 4-80 ) .
Earlier in the film, however, when "Irolas" is making an announcement, the subtitles incorrectly give Iorlas name
Tapie faces a probable spell in prison after he loses his parliamentary immunity , since two appeal courts have confirmed jail sentences of eight and six months against him for tax fraud and rigging a soccer match .
Danny Tartabull added two hits and three RBI as all Chicago starters got at least one hit .
CRICKET - ENGLAND V PAKISTAN FINAL TEST SCOREBOARD .
20. Russell Claydon 156,996
The Haradrim bore a standard of a black serpent on a scarlet field
Ricky Ponting led the way with 100 off 119 balls with two sixes and nine fours before retiring .
King Folcwine had four children: When news reached his ears in TA 2885 that the Haradrim were preparing to invade South Ithilien with a large force, King Folcwine, mindful of the assistance that Gondor provided Rohan when it was besieged, rapidly fulfilled the terms of the Oath of Eorl, and sent a large force of Rohirrim to the aid of Túrin II the Ruling Steward
Emese Bartha
Evert will depart for Alexandroupolis on Saturday afternoon .
Edhellond was a Sindarin word for Elf Harbour from "edhel" ("elf") and "lond" ("haven, harbour")
Ungoliant, who greatly thirsted for the Silmarils demanded them from Morgoth, and when he refused to give them to her she attacked Morgoth in order to get them
" It is hoped that livestock breeders and feedmillers will abide by the laws and respect the cabinet decision in the interest of consumer safety , " Health Minister Chua Jui Meng was quoted as saying by the national Bernama news agency .
The name Lindórië is most likely a Quenya word
2. Colin Jackson ( Britain ) 13.24
Mark Philippoussis ( Australia ) beat Bohdan Ulihrach ( Czech
While conversing with Bilbo, Smaug is also able to quickly surmise the reason for Bilbos presence in Erebor, and also correctly deduces that the Dwarves received aid from the men of Esgaroth in reaching the mountain
Dally Randriantefy ( Madagascar ) beat Elena Makarova ( Russia ) 6- 3 1-6 7-5
Jared Palmer ( U.S. ) beat 15 - Marc Rosset ( Switzerland ) 6-7 ( 7-9 )
PHILADELPHIA AT SAN FRANCISCO
Mullally 150.3 36 377 10 37.70
For Medvedev that meant confining his post-match comments to tennis and not going off on tirades about about peripheral issues such as the poor quality of food in the players lounge , an entertaining rant that took his mind off the task at hand .
Bree was a village of Men and hobbits, located east of the Shire and south of Fornost in Eriador
As the Orcs charge, the Dwarves form a shield wall, standing like a spiked wall against the wave of charging Orcs
Fastest lap : Haga 147.159 kph .
He won acclaim for the insights that he gave into the events which shaped modern Europe and was one of Europe 's leading authorities on the great conflicts of the 20th century .
I am not a doctor but I think he is doing all right , " said Smirnov .
In an effort to paint the drug issue in non-political terms , Dole said three times during his 20-minute address that illegal drug use was neither a Democratic nor a Republican issue but one that involves all people .
Colombo has said it believes Tamil rebels , fighting a 13-year war for independence against the government , finance their military activity through funds extorted from expatriate Sri Lankans in western countries such as the United States .
In "", Gúthwinë is shown as having a fullered blade and both the guard and the pommel were of bronze
In submissions last week to the commission National Party leader and former president F.W. De Klerk said he had received no co-operation from Botha in compiling his party 's report .
After his death and the liberation of the Shire, the title was apparently never used again and the head of the Shirriffs was once again placed in the hands of the First Shirriff
McCurry said that when Clinton delivers his acceptance address on Thursday night to fellow Democrats and a national television audience , he will " set out a road map " for the nation 's future -- one the president hopes guides him back to the White House for four more years .
The dusty town of Taibe lacks the amenities of Jewish communities and many Israeli Arabs have long complained of state discrimination .
A great army of goblins and Wargs was amassed by Bolg, whose father Azog had been killed by the Dwarf Dáin Ironfoot
Minas Tirith was fully provisioned for a siege and as war loomed Denethor sent away from the city the old, the women and children and had the Warning beacons of Gondor lit, dispatching errand riders with the Red Arrow to Théoden of Rohan to summon aid
This year 's race , the route of which was keep a secret until Friday evening , is being held near Pemberton , British Columbia , about 100 miles ( 160 km ) northeast of Vancouver .
According to "The Silmarillion", he was the greatest warrior of Men in the First Age
They worshipped the Darkness and its lords (Melkor and later Sauron) and oppressed the Men left in Middle-earth
Following the news of the destruction of the One Ring and the fall of Sauron, the Dwarves and Men of Dale sortied and routed the besieging army
In Peter Jacksons , Minas Morgul is shown as a spectral fortress on the other side of a moat
Before the War of the Ring, he led an expedition to Dourhands territory, south of the city
Jos Verstappen ( Netherlands ) 1
Republicans hope to seize on the " character " issue to bolster Clinton 's challenger Bob Dole in the final weeks of the campaign .
During the War of the Elves and Sauron the Dwarves of Khazad-dûm sortied out to attack Saurons forces in the rear, allowing Elrond and his army to escape
Pakistan : Aamir Sohail , Saeed Anwar , Ijaz Ahmed ,
While leading his men in a final stand to protect the retreat of Turgon and the continued secrecy of the Kingdom of Gondolin, the great warrior Húrin faced them and, due to Morgoths emphatic orders to have Húrin captured alive, he managed to kill many of them
NAGYATAD , Hungary 1996-08-28
10 - Marcelo Rios ( Chile ) beat Andrei Pavel ( Romania ) 4-6 6-1 6-4 6-2
Since her character was given an action scene in the movie version, it was deemed necessary to give her a weapon and to provide the weapon with a back story like many of the fictional weapons described in the original novel
Dick Morris , the Republican political consultant who reshaped U.S. President Bill Clinton 's reelection campaign , has resigned , MS-NBC News reported Thursday .
The siege lasted seven years and many Men and Elves were killed; Anárion was slain in SA 3440 when a stone cast from Barad-dûr, either from falling debris or by catapult, struck him
He cited Coetzee , who was charged with murder after confessing in media interviews to dirty tricks .
He recounted that he had seen Frodo an hour before, that he had tried to convince Frodo to bring the Ring to Minas Tirith, and that they then had an argument, resulting in Frodo putting on the Ring and vanishing
" Then , with cool heads , calmly and soberly we will sort out our relations , " Lebed said after the late-night signing ceremony in this settlement outside Chechnya 's eastern border .
Durins Folk is the sixteenth soundtrack of
Unwilling to concede, the Ñoldor started taking the ships and departing with them
For example, some scholar tried to use the neo-languages for translations of Tolkiens works or pre-existing literature (such as Biblical passages, Christian prayers, original short poems and stories etc.)
Best known for his films " Crossfire " - one of Hollywood 's first attempts to deal with racial discrimination and " Farewell My lovely " .
Derbyshire , nine-wicket winners over Worcestershire , and Surrey , who thrashed Warwickshire by an innings and 164 runs , can instead take the day off along with rivals Leicestershire , who beat Somerset inside two days .
8. Jose Moreno ( Spain ) 1:05.219
LOS ANGELES AT PHILADELPHIA
CRICKET - PAKISTAN 473-6 AT TEA ON FOURTH DAY THIRD TEST .
She bore him a son, Eldacar, but many of the people of Gondor of Númenórean blood were angered by this mixing of the blood of Middle Men and Númenóreans, and the coastal provinces rebelled when Valacar grew old
At Worcester : Warwickshire 255-9 ( A. Giles 57 not out , W. Khan
The army of Rohan managed to arrive at the Pelennor Fields just as the Great Gate of Minas Tirith was breached
Of the Coming of Men into the West is the seventeenth chapter of the Quenta Silmarillion, which is the third part of J.R.R. Tolkien’s "The Silmarillion"
He chose to be independent of the Valar, and thanks to his skill as a craftsman he grew famous and proud from the adoration of Dwarves and Men who encountered him, although his power and fame among the Elves faded
7. Calvin Davis ( U.S. ) 49.49
Their promise was realised when Joubert made a 40-metre break in the 25th minute and , although winger Pieter Hendriks appeared to knock on Joubert 's reverse pass , Welsh referee Derek Bevan allowed Van der Westhuizen to pick up and score under the posts .
They also aged more slowly than other Men and when they felt their period of vigour ending, were able to lie down and surrender their lives peacefully
Nampat was a word meaning "death" in Black Speech
Egypt police catch ancient manuscript thieves .
In "", the Were-worms make a brief appearance before and during the Battle of Five Armies
The Book of Lost Tales can refer to: Lorgan was the chief of the Easterlings in Hithlum after the Nírnaeth Arnoediad, and claimed rule of Dor-lómin under Morgoth
- Tegel 10,896 up 3.1
Banco de Mexico sought to inject 3.412 billion pesos in the secondary market on Monday through three credit auctions , dealers said .
When they arrived in Nargothrond, Arminas and Gelmir counseled Orodreth to shut the doors of his realm and remain a hidden folk
Wellinghall was the name of one of the Ent Treebeards houses in Fangorn Forest
In the Pelennor Fields level of the War of the Ring campaign, they can be killed easily with a catapult or by sabotage
But the Oxford team disputed these findings and said either previous trials may have been interpreted incorrectly , those taking part were not given special diets beforehand or the duration of the studies may have been too short .
+3 Tom Lehman through 11
Davies said on Tuesday the pilot could soon return to Cuba but U.S. authorities planned to try the hijackers .
After this time the gates of Khazad-dûm were shut
Halmir was an Edain Man of Brethil during the First Age
But Russia failed to win control over the whole of Chechnya and its troops suffered several humiliating defeats .
Dutroux suspected in murder of Slovak woman .
President Bill Clinton on Friday ordered the U.S. military to ready itself for any possible action as Washington turned up the heat in an escalating crisis over Iraqi troop movements in northern Iraq .
While the data provided support for Canadian bonds , both Canadian and U.S. markets weakened after the release of strong U.S. economic data , including a report showing the Chicago Purchasing Managers August index rose to 60 from 51.2 in July .
Dow pushes London stocks to new record .
With the Ring back in his possession, Talion begins to use its power to dominate Orcs and build his army
His later and common name Maeglin means "sharp glance" in Sindarin, with "Maeg" (in Quenya "maika") meaning sharp, piercing and "glin" meaning gleam
First test : Lord 's - Pakistan won by 164 runs
3. Sven Teutenberg ( Germany ) U.S. Postal
Each Tree, in turn, would give off light for seven hours (waxing to full brightness and then slowly waning again), so that at one hour each of "dawn" and "dusk" soft gold and silver light would be given off together
Orvieto mayor Stefano Cimicchi said the comics , including popular actor Roberto Benigni , would declare Orvieto " capital of Etruria " on September 15 -- the day Bossi plans a march across the north in favour of independence from Rome .
Thiel said on Wednesday that he had also asked Olympic 200 and 400 champion Michael Johnson to run as well as Christie .
The influx of new Elven settlers soared during the Second Age with the arrival of the Ñoldorin High King Gil-galad and the founding of the realm of Lindon
In the card game, Kahliel is largely associated with having him in a deck with other Haradrim characters
Marcelo Rios of Chile , the 10th seed , also advanced .
Kurdistan Democratic Party ( KDP ) of Massoud Barzani said that it was being backed by Iraqi heavy armour and artillery in a battle with rival Kurds for the city of Arbil , a senior U.N. official in Baghdad said .
Because Turgon had grown to love Tuor as a son (as he had his father before), he allowed Idril and Tuor to wed, thus bringing about the second union of Men and Elves, after Beren and Lúthien
Dáin II Ironfoot (or King Dáin), the son of Náin and great-grandson of Dáin I of Durins Folk
Celon was a Sindarin name that meant stream flowing down the heights
One of the most common weapons in Middle-earth, Swords, makes a good stabbing weapon as well as a slashing weapon
The word Angrod was a Sindarin form of his Telerin Quenya name, Angaráto, which means "champion"
Chinese officials have said such dissidents may not become Hong Kong permanent residents since they entered the territory illegally but have also said their status would be decided by the post-1997 local Hong Kong administration .
The Nazgûl retreated when Sauron sensed that Frodo claimed the One Ring for himself, and were dispatched to Mount Doom
At some point, he married Salvia Brandybuck, and together they had at least one son, Theobald
The Ring of Thrór was the mightiest of the seven Dwarven rings
Soccer - McCarthy names team to play Liechtenstein .
Accompanied by his wife and grandson , Peres arrived in Morocco on August 25 .
Aamir Sohail c Cork b Croft 46
Helm was a man of great stature and strength, and a strong king who wished to again subdue the Dunlendings
OAKLAND AT BOSTON
He was named after Frodo Baggins, and took the last name of Gardner after his father became the Shires gardener
Nahar was said to be as brilliant as new snow in daylight, and as glimmering as silver in the moonlight
Arathorn became the Chieftain of the Dúnedain in TA 2930, when his father was captured by Hill-trolls
Washington 's new ambassador to Saudi Arabia , Wyche Fowler , arrived in the kingdom to take up his post , the U.S. embassy in Riyadh said on Thursday .
The Quenya translation of this is "Laiquendi"
Moro Burrows was a hobbit of the Shire
When Isildur had cut the Ring from Saurons hand, it was burning hot, and so Isildur was able to transcribe the inscription before it faded
The combined forces of the Men of Dale under King Brand and Dwarves of the Lonely Mountain (and of the Iron Hills) under King Dáin II Ironfoot met the Easterlings in battle on March 14, 3019
"Emyn "- Sindarin word for Hills, plural of Amon
Forwards - Domingos Oliveira , Joao Vieira Pinto , Jorge Cadete , Antonio Folha .
The King and his three eldest sons -- Elendur, Aratan, and Ciryon -- were slain and the One Ring was lost in the River Anduin
The foot later washed up on the beach .
1. Wolfgang Kreissig ( Germany ) 2.20 metres
The rest of the Indian batting was generally tied down by brilliant fielding and some fairly tight bowling , although ex-captain Mohamed Azharuddin chipped in with 58 , adding 129 with Tendulkar off 28 overs , before being stumped .
He said there was some possibility of further talks with Germany before the next Commission meeting of September 4 .
"Teachings of Pengolod" (1960) discusses one of the texts as an "example and record of the instruction of Ælfwine the Mariner by Pengolod the Wise of Gondolin." According to "The Peoples of Middle-earth", one of these final writings was likely the Akallabêth, which Tolkien contrived in the 1960s
The names in Early Quenya of the male Vala were Makar (meaning "God of battle"), Ramandor (meaning "the Shouter") and Kostorin, while in Gnomish, he was known as Magorn, Magron, or Gothonwi
The East Sea came into being after Melkor threw down the Two Lamps which destroyed Almaren and the perfect symmetry of Arda in the chaos and destruction that followed
The end of Canada 's rail freight subsidy last year caused a shift in feed grain production to the eastern Prairie .
Though not fully grown, his massive size is still enough to crush people as if they where made of straw
As Tilion is the guardian of the Moon, he was a lover of silver, and used a Silver bow
She was highly skilled in the art of weaving and needlework, and thus her amilessë (mother-name) was "Þerindë", the Broideress
10. Rubens Barrichello ( Brazil ) Jordan 1:53.152
But Graf , winner of 20 Grand Slam titles , was not about to join that list .
Winner owned by John and Beryll Remblance and trained in
-- Amra Kevic , Belgrade newsroom +381 11 2224305
1. Michael Doohan ( Australia ) Honda one minute 50.250
Surprising them, the traitor and the Orcs killed many men through treachery
This is the first generation of African Americans that really can express itself without fear and punishment , " Simon said .
According to folkore, Tarlang and his kin were raising the White Mountains as a wall, in order to prevent Men entering their land
Though tremendously powerful, able to alter or transform the world in many ways, Melkor could only twist or corrupt what already existed, not create anything new
Zicot , 45 , is a specialist in tackling vehicle theft .
Scathas lair was in the southern slopes of the Grey Mountains, and he greatly troubled the Dwarves and Men living in the lands north of Wilderland and had stolen a great deal of their treasure
ROME 1996-08-31
The Brandywine River bounded the Shire from the east (Shire hobbits also lived in Buckland, which lay east of the river and west of the Hedge protecting Buckland from an invasion from the Old Forest; however, Buckland was not formally recognized as part of the Shire until after the War of the Ring, when it was given officially to the Shire by Aragorn II Elessar
In the end, the Prince of Cardolan himself arrives to answer the challenge, but so does the Witch-king at the same time
"Amon "- Sindarin word meaning Mountain or Hill
Later, as Bard attempts to reach the wind lance ballista atop the Lake-town Town Hall, guards sent by the Master arrest him under fabricated charges
Laurence Courtois ( Belgium ) beat Flora Perfetti ( Italy ) 6-4 3-6 6-2
He owned Bag End for a time
High on the mountain of Halifirien, overlooking the border between the two kingdoms, the wardens keep their watch for the ancient signal that will call the men of the west to unite against the threat of Mordor
September heating oil on the New York Mercantile Exchange closed 1.63 cents higher at 63.67 cents a gallon , September unleaded gasoline finished 1.39 cents up at 63.72 cents a gallon and October crude rose 44 cents to $ 22.15 a barrel .
Baghdad holds that the Iraq-U.N. memorandum of understanding on partial oil sales signed last June does not specify how many foreign observers should be stationed in Iraq .
Palarran was the name of a large ship built by Tar-Aldarion in the early Second Age
In an incident on July 7 , a Cuban interior ministry official hijacked a commercial plane and sought aylum at Guantanamo Bay .
It is later revealed that the last Black Arrow was kept as an heirloom by Girions descendants
8. Christophe Impens ( Belgium ) 3:34.13
It is probable the Wargs of the Third Age and the White Wolves were descended from him, as these wolves could speak, suggesting they had Fëar
BAKU 1996-08-31
Many of the Sindar, the native Elves of Beleriand, were absorbed into the Ñoldorin kingdoms
Santos suffered more from their loss as Narciso 's replacement Jean gave away a penalty from which Sao Paulo scored the decisive goal in a 2-1 win .
The Stoors of Dunland moved back north to join the other hobbits in colonizing the Shire about TA 1630 and settled mostly in the Eastfarthing, Southfarthing and later Buckland
However, the greater part of Durins Folk followed the youngest brother Grór to the Iron Hills
After the battle, Thráin II son of Thrór wanted to enter Moria and reclaim it, but the Dwarves not of Durins folk refused, saying they had honored Durins memory by fighting, and this was enough
Conservative New Democracy ( ND ) party leader Miltiadis Evert will be hitting the campaign trail and head to Alexandroupolis this weekend to speak to the city 's businessmen on Sunday morning , ND said .
SANTIAGO 1996-08-31
BIRMINGHAM , England 1996-08-31
Brytta possessed a generous nature and was always willing to help those in need, because of his generous and kind spirit he earned the epithet Léofa, which means "Beloved", in the Rohirric tongue
As the siege was underway, Dáin arrived at the head of a Dwarven army, and the warring parties came to blows just before the Dol Guldur Army arrived
The Black Arrow was forged by Thrór, who was the King under the Mountain before its fall, according to "The Hobbit"
In Philadelphia , Delino DeShields 's triple in the top of the 12th off Jeff Parrett ( 2-3 ) scored Chad Curtis and lifted the Los Angeles Dodgers to a 7-6 victory over the Phillies .
Part of the former were material objects and all living creatures, while other beings like the Spirits were part of the Unseen
President Bill Clinton 's triumphal appearance at the Democratic convention , a vital moment in his bid for a second term , was marred on Thursday by the resignation of a top adviser in a reported sex scandal .
Middlesex 199 and 426 , Hampshire 232 and 205 ( A. Fraser 5-79 , P. Tufnell 4-39 ) .
BBC Radio 4 broadcast "The Hobbit" radio drama, adapted by Michael Kilgarriff, in eight parts (4 hours) from September to November 1968, which starred Anthony Jackson as narrator, Paul Daneman as Bilbo, and Heron Carvic as Gandalf
Thai official flees Hong Kong after passport scam .
Sri Lanka
O.J. Simpson said on Thursday he was financially broken by his defence against murder charges but he was hopeful new evidence to support him would be available for a civil trial next month .
The rings Vilya and Narya went to Elven High King Gil-galad of Lindon, who entrusted Vilya to Elrond and Narya to Círdan, Elven lords of Rivendell and Mithlond, respectively
Fëanors host then took possession of the ships
He added a three-run homer in the eighth off John Ericks to make it 13-8 .
He said a proposal last month by EU Farm Commissioner Franz Fischler to ban sheep brains , spleens and spinal cords from the human and animal food chains was a highly specific and precautionary move to protect human health .
After the destruction of Beleriand, the surviving Laiquendi merged with the Elves of Lindon and the peoples of the Elven realms of Lothlórien and Mirkwood over the next few ages
The Dwarves remained inside the mountain until an army of Lake-men, and later Wood-elves, led by the Elven-king, arrived seeking a share of the treasure to compensate them for their losses
The Ironfists sent troops to fight in the War of the Dwarves and Orcs during the Third Age, as it is said that Durins Folk called for aid from houses of other fathers of the Dwarves
The surrendering Dunlendings were spared and given amnesty by Erkenbrand, much to their surprise, as Saruman had claimed that the men of Rohan would burn all survivors alive
In the real world, Sindarin is often colloquially called "Elven" or "Elvish", outside canonical context
Chester-le-Street : Glamorgan 259 ( P. Cottey 81 ; M. Saggers 6-65 ) and 8-0 , Durham 114 ( S. Watkin 4-28 )
The couple would probably be extradited to Germany which has requested their deportation , the Dutch police spokeswoman said .
Norton said she was concerned that the Lloyd 's agreement immunizes it from future litigation regarding Equitas and requires that all legal actions be heard outside of Colorado .
After the establishments of the Kingdoms in Exile by Elendil and his sons, the Men of Evendim merged with the Dúnedain, becoming the people of Arnor
A 20-ton piece of the Titanic 's steel hull , which had been attached by cables to a recovery ship off the coast of Newfoundland , Canada , fell back to the bottom of the sea , said Erin Purcell of Boston-based Reagan Communications that represents two of the ships used in the expedition .
Just then, Aragorn arrived with the Army of the Dead on the Corsair ships, tipping the scale of the battle
" And all I can say as a piece of advice is that they 'd better say exactly the same thing ( as Rubin ) , if not stronger , " Perelstein said . "
BELGRADE 1996-08-31
MANILA 1996-08-26
When Bolg arrived at Gundabad, he was among the Gundabad Orcs that marched to Dale to serve as reinforcements for Azogs army
WESTERN DIVISION
During his visit to Slovenia , Kwasniewski is also scheduled to meet Prime Minister Janez Drnovsek , representatives of Slovenian political parties and representatives of the Chamber of Economy .
The Orioles trailed 4-3 when pinch-hitter Mike Devereaux led off the sixth with a triple against reliever Kyle Abbott ( 0-1 ) and scored the tying run on Alomar 's single .
Eärámë thus is excluded from the final tale in “Of the Voyage of Eärendil and the War of Wrath”
Boromir was the elder son of Boron, the third chieftain of the folk of Bëor, and the great-grandson of Bëor the Old
It was attacked and besieged many times during the First Age by the forces of Morgoth
He was the first black head of South Africa 's Anglicans .
The great captain Aldarion built the lighthouse tower Calmindon there
The Dwarves of Belegost traded with the Sindar Elves of Beleriand and supplied them with weapons of incomparably tempered steel; furthermore these Dwarves carved the stone chambers of Menegroth
The victory against Japan marked the Fed Cup debut of Monica Seles , who became a naturalised U.S. citizen in 1994 .
In the Second Age, a tribe of Harfoots passed through on their annual migration
The 15-year-old Hingis , seeded 16th , was honoured to play the first match of the season 's last Grand Slam on Stadium Court but happy to hurry off with a straight-sets victory over the 112th-ranked Angeles Montolio of Spain .
In fact, the descriptions of the inhabitants of Middle-earths southern lands and early etymologies of their name suggest that the Haradrim are based on northern African and Middle-Eastern people. Tolkien himself, in an interview in 1967, stated that "south of Harad is Africa, the hot countries." inhabitants
As Elros and Elrond were Peredhil, or Half-elves, and only in these two remained the line of heroic chieftains of Men in the First Age
In 1991 , Mother Teresa was treated at a California hospital for heart disease and bacterial pneumonia .
BEIRUT 1996-08-26
PARIS 1996-08-29
2. Trine Hattesta ( Norway ) 65.12
After marrying Aragorn, she bestowed upon Frodo Baggins a gift; her place on the ships to Valinor
Túrin resolved to waylay and kill the dragon, and at Cabed-en-Aras he found Glaurung, and stabbed him with his sword, Gurthang
The Men of Dale were the Northmen inhabitants of Dale in the Third Age
Newcombe has selected Wimbledon semifinalist Jason Stoltenberg , Patrick Rafter , Mark Philippoussis , and Olympic doubles champions Todd Woodbridge and Mark Woodforde to face the Croatians .
Aragorns army, now reinforced with mariners from Pelargir, could now sail up the Anduin unopposed, but first Aragorn had to disband the very useful Army of the Dead
Andrath was a Sindarin for Great Climb
In "The Lord of the Rings Online", Shadowfax accompanies Gandalf from his return as Gandalf the White onward
NEW YORK 1996-08-29
MANCHESTER , England 1996-08-31
It fled when the Ring was destroyed, and was last seen running past the ranks of Saurons army before the ground collapsed beneath them
Despite his size, Smaug is shown to be agile and quick, able to leap over objects with ease, and he can dive at very high speeds with little effort
From their earliest raids upon Haradrim villages, they established their primary recruitment method, taking in surviving children and instructing them in the ways of war, to the extent that the Vanishing Sons transformed over time, becoming less a group of professional soldiers than a band of mercenary war orphans
There was also a wicket each for Ronnie Irani , Allan Mullally and Darren Gough although there was no joy for Dean Headley who , along with Lancashire batsman Graham Lloyd , was making his international debut .
When Middle-earth languages are written with the , either (á, é, í, ó, ú) or accents (â, ê, î, ô, û, ŷ) mark long vowels depending on language or other convention
Demand for hogs is expected to be light by the end of the week , as the industry prepares for Labor Day , Monday , September 1 when most U.S. packers will be closed .
4. Nico Motchebon ( Germany ) 1:45.03
Anne Murray
Dirk Dier ( Germany ) beat Chuck Adams ( U.S. ) 6-4 2-6 6-4 6-4
Two Americans , seventh seed Todd Martin and unseeded Alex O'Brien , will meet on Friday after winning matches on Thursday .
The countrys three official languages are English, sign language, and Māori
" I got more aggressive in the second and third sets and the wind picked up and that also affected things because Cedric definitely went off a little bit . "
Balin was shot by an archer and died in Dimrill Dale and many other Dwarves perished and retreated into the mines
Under Legolass orders, she and the other guards take the Dwarves back to the Elven cavern fortress and confiscate their weapons
2. John Mayock ( Britain ) 3:54.60
He walked three and struck out three in winning for the 10th time in his last 11 decisions .
" There is no trace so far , the enquiry is continuing , " a Liege police official told Reuters .
On the same day, Bilbo left the One Ring and his home of Bag End in the possession of his relative, Frodo Baggins, who was eager to be his own master despite the loss of Bilbo, for he was not yet ready to leave the Shire
In TA 1980, they dug too deeply and greedily for mithril and to their loss they unearthed a nameless terror in the depths beneath the city
Gloria Bistrita ( Romania ) beat 2-1 ( halftime 1-1 ) F.C. Valletta ( Malta ) in their Cup winners Cup match , second leg of the preliminary round , on Thursday .
The couple then collaborated with writer on the -comedy film "" (also known as "Dead Alive", 1992)
2. Corser 269
LAGOS 1996-08-30
On Sunday voters in Hungary also cast ballots for municipal councils but these will be invalidated following the cancellation of local elections by the OSCE on Tuesday .
- Prime Minister Hariri : Elections are the beginning of a long political life which we begin with an incomplete ticket of 17 candidates .
and the sister closest in age to Peregrin Took
After his return from exile, many noble houses, including the royal House of Anárion, became more mingled with the blood of "lesser" Men
BARCELONA 1996-08-26
VANCOUVER , British Columbia 1996-08-28
" Interviewed in the presence of a psychologist , she said she wanted to use the money for school books and clothes , " spokesman Kazimierz Socha told Reuters .
Coirë was the Quenya name for the season in the Calendar of Imladris which corresponds with a period between winter and spring and which is also known as "stirring"
Helena Sukova ( Czech Republic ) beat Paola Suarez ( Argentina ) 6- 4 7-6 ( 7-2 )
In FO 31 (SR 1452), he married Elanor Gamgee; their son Elfstan Fairbairn was born two years later
East of the Brandywine River beyond the Old Forest were the Barrow-downs, the most ancient burial ground of Men in Middle-earth
- Israel bans plane donated by the Netherlands to Arafat to land at Gaza airport .
TIRANA 1996-08-22
"Brethil" - silver birch, also the name of an entwife
Several of the Westron forms given above were not published in Tolkiens lifetime
The present contract with the British Broadcasting Corporation was shared between the four home nations while France have their own television deal .
Australian Open runner-up Anke Huber of Germany , the sixth seed , was undone by an unlucky draw that put her against 17th ranked South African Amanda Coetzer in her opening match .
Dáin gives Bilbo two chests of treasure (one with silver and one with gold) for his service to the Company, and Bilbo departs with Gandalf, Beorn and the Elves
He voiced Haradrim Warriors in Electronic Arts and its sequel
Tirharad was a village of Men located in west-central Mordor, then referred to as the Southlands, in the Second Age
After the defeat of Sauron, in the early Fourth Age, he was given the lordship over the Glittering Caves at Helms Deep
A prolific lecturer on Tolkien, he has given talks at universities, Inkling Conferences, and Mythopoeic Society Conferences, having served many positions in the Mythopoeic Society since 2007 such as vice president, conference committee chair and publications editor, and board member of their press
The waterfall cascading over the cliff-face had originally run through the cave itself, but was altered to flow over one of the entrances; this likeness to a window gave Henneth Annûn its name
The roots of the term Arkenstone were drawn either from the Gothic word "aírkns" ("holy") or the Old English "eorcnanstan" ("precious stone")
Tol Fuin, Sindarin for "Dark Isle", was the name of one of the few areas of land that escaped the drowning of Beleriand
A stair was built below Amon Hen by the Men of Gondor, allowing for passage down to the river below the falls
Gandalf explains the text is the Black Speech of Mordor, and then reads the loosely translated version
Soon they come to the Trollshaws, and find the treasure they had found in the Troll cave that they had buried long ago
Leander Paes ( India ) beat Marcos Ondruska ( South Africa ) 7-6 ( 7-3 ) 6-2 7-5
The region remained part of Gondor until the Kin-strife, after which the region was fought over by the Kings of Gondor, the Corsairs of Umbar and the Haradrim for the rest of the age
Although not due for release in Britain until early next year , some politicians have already said they feared it would fan sectarian tensions in British-ruled Northern Ireland .
Dáin arrives with his army of Dwarves, and Gandalf warns of the coming of Bolg and his army of Goblins, Wargs, and Bats
Leeds ( Headingley ) : Yorkshire 290 ( C. White 76 , M. Moxon 59 , R. Blakey 57 ) , Essex 79-2 .
After this, it was made clear that Gandalf bore the red ring, Narya
Hoping for a longer engagement on the cement at Flushing Meadows were the sixth-seeded Huber of Germany and 12th seed Maleeva of Bulgaria .
In New York , Garret Anderson and Gary DiSarcina drove in two runs apiece in a five-run first inning and Jim Edmonds highlighted a six-run sixth with a bases-loaded double as the California Angels coasted to a 12-3 victory over the Yankees in the rubber game of their three-game series .
" The market does n't seem to be able to make new highs and it has been back and forth in a fairly horizontal mode which looks like a holding pattern , " said Geraghty .
13 - Thomas Enqvist ( Sweden ) beat Guillaume Raoux ( France ) 6-3
E. Brandes c Hogg b M. Waugh 17
CINCINNATI AT COLORADO
In, "The Etymologies" he states that Primitive Elvish evolved into "Old Noldorin", which in turn evolved into Noldorin, and also describes several dialects of this language, including Doriathrin and Falathrin
The men and Elves unite into a single army and march toward the Lonely Mountain, with the intent of taking the treasure
For many centuries, the trade relations grew strong and the Dwarves of Nogrod were employed by Thingol, the King of Doriath and helped in the delving of the caves of Menegroth, and creation of treasuries and weapons
May 25 Third one-day international ( at Lord 's , London )
"Erebor" - Sindarin for the Lonely Mountain
PRETORIA , Aug 25 - Captain Sean Fitzpatrick and his All Blacks revisited the test venue today to relive some of the magic moments of yesterday 's momentous rugby victory over South Africa , NZPA reported .
Throughout the film, a subplot develops involving romance between her and Kíli
Nevertheless I am satisfied that the overall benefits will be worthwile , " Lord Goschen , minister for aviation , said in a statement .
5. Grzegorz Krejner ( Poland ) 1:04.834
Tanta Hornblower was a Hobbit of the Shire
2. Steve Brown ( U.S. ) 13.45
Chamorro , 66 , had complained of lower back pain since a trip to Taiwan in May , when pain forced her to go to Taipei University Hospital for an examination .
OSLO 1996-08-25
CHICAGO 1996-08-29
The Council of Elrond is summoned by Lord Elrond to discuss what is to be done with the One Ring
In the Second Age, at least one tribe of Harfoots migrated here in the autumn for the fruit in its orchards
Tales claim that some hobbit bowmen were involved at the Battle of Fornost, though no tales of it exist in the records of Men
In many cases, he fought with both weapons at once
New bomb attacks on Corsica despite crackdown vow .
Brussels organisers had laid a new track for the meeting comparable to the surface at the Atlanta Games but put down on a softer surface .
The Hobbitry-in-arms was the of the Shire
The Lake-men were a people living in Lake-town, or "Esgaroth", from the Northmen race of Men, and were allies of Thrór and the Dwarves that lived in the Lonely Mountain
As a reward for his valour, he was promoted to Third Marshal of the Mark (holding the function though not the title), which was left vacant when Éomer was reinstated to lead the first Éored in the Battle of the Pelennor Fields
The Great Gulf was a great gulf that once divided Beleriand and the other northern parts of Middle-earth from the unknown south during the First Age
When he quarrelled with Helm Hammerhand, who killed him with a single blow, the West-march rebelled under Freca son Wulf, allying with the Dunlendings to invade Rohan during the Long Winter
" This most recent measure represents a revival of old , malicious plans to confiscate the land and build units for Israeli settlers within the walls of the Old City . "
The Catholic Information office in Nairobi said on Monday that Australian Sisters Moira Lynch , 73 , and Mary Batchelor , 68 , American Father Michael Barton , 48 , and Sudanese Father Raphael Riel , 48 , were held in a prison in south Sudan by the SPLA .
The armed hijackers of the Airbus 310 Flight 150 , which is expected to arrive about 4 a.m. ( 0300 GMT ) , have said they intend to surrender and seek political asylum in Britain .
NATO-led peace troops beefed up their presence in the Doboj area on Sunday to deter any sudden emotional attempt by the refugees to cross the Inter-Entity Boundary Line into Doboj .
Goalkeepers - Oliver Kahn , Andreas Koepke , Oliver Reck
ST. LOUIS 1996-08-30
Canada 's largest grain handling firm said Wednesday it expects to forge a partnership with hog farmers by 1997 with a view to expanding the company 's scope into pork production .
The ministry spokesman said the German embassy immediately made a sharp protest to the Tehran government .
But others , such as self-confessed secret police hit-squad leader Dirk Coetzee , have yet to testify .
This resulted in the banishment of Quenya and greater strife between the Sindar and the Ñoldor
The meaning of the name Erendis is not specified; it may have originated from the Ñoldorin words "er" ("one, alone") and "dîs" ("bride"), which would be prophetic of the events of her life
Affleck 74 73 .
But it seemed to men that she withered in the guarded city, as a flower of the seaward vales set upon a barren rock
But within Barad-dûr and among the captains of Mordor (the Ringwraiths and other high-ranking servants such as the Mouth of Sauron), the Black Speech was still used, the language devised by Sauron during the Dark Years of the Second Age
Billy Ashley belted a three-run homer for Los Angeles .
Willem II Tilburg 0 Fortuna Sittard 1 ( Hamming 65th ) .
MOTOR RACING - SCHUMACHER WINS BELGIAN GRAND PRIX .
2. Vincent Malakwen ( Kenya ) 1:45.62
The first element of his name, "estel" means "hope" in Sindarin
Faction fighting and an orgy of looting in the capital Monrovia in April and May killed hundreds of people .
J.R.R. Tolkien began writing what would become "The Fall of Gondolin" in 1917, in an army barracks on the back of a sheet of military marching music
The winged Wraiths would later join the Battle of the Black Gate and be engaged by Gwaihir and his Great Eagles, only to flee at the command of Sauron once he sensed Frodo donning the One Ring within Mount Doom
After his journey to the Lonely Mountain, the Mathom-house held Bilbos Mithril shirt that was retrieved from Smaugs hoard and given to him by Thorin, which Bilbo lent to the museum until he took it with him to Rivendell
3. Ekimov 1:7
The name Anglachel means "Flaming Iron", from the Sindarin "ang" (iron") and "lhach" ("leaping flame")
Steward Túrin II of Gondor therefore paid a rich weregild of gold to Folcwine for his sacrifice
They were small and bent compared to other Men
Finvain (renamed "Írimë") was moved to being just younger than Fingolfin, making Finarfin again the youngest child of Finwë
Hazad was proud of the number of his descendants, but his greatest pride was his long beard
Tol Morwen is Sindarin for Island of Morwen
Mines of Moria also included a new system of Legendary Weapons that could gain experience with the player as well as a yet-to-be-named "Hard Mode" feature that allowed players to reap additional rewards from instances if they completed some difficult challenge in addition to defeating the final boss
The name Eldacar means "Elf-helm" in the Quenya language
Dolmed was a Sindarin word for Wet-head
9. Corser 38:42.015
Police commissioner George Grech said the cannabis was found on Friday packed in 500 boxes hidden behind chilli sauce in a container that arrived at Malta Freeport a week ago .
1914 - James Alfred Van Allen born .
The Army of the West departed Minas Tirith for the Black Gate two days later, on March 18
Miriels hair was described as being silver in appearance, an unusual color for one of the Ñoldor
These may represent what Sindarin swords used to look like
Bilbo enters to steal treasure from Smaug, and puts the Ring on to avoid being seen
"Namárië" - Quenya word for Farewell
The Lord of the Rings: The Battle for Middle-earth is a series of three real-time strategy games developed by Electronic Arts from 2004 to 2006: "The Battle for Middle-earth" and Liquid Entertainments "War of the Ring" (from 2003) are the only prominent "Lord of the Rings-"based RTS games
Other famous Fallohides included Bandobras Bullroarer Took, who slew an Orc leader, and Peregrin Took
3. Anthuan Maybank ( U.S. ) 44.92
Spal 2 Reggiana 4
The chapter begins in Minas Tirith at the Houses of Healing after the Army of the West departed for the Black Gate
Sindarin is mainly analytic, though traits of its highly inflected progenitor (Quenya) are visible
WELLINGTON 1996-08-27
Wisinga was believed to be travelling in Europe , they said .
But upon seeing in full the advance of Saurons army in the days leading up to the Siege of Gondor, Denethor turned to complete despair and was determined then to be burned on a pyre instead of mounting a (in his mind) hopeless defense of Minas Tirith
2. Martens
In "Unfinished Tales" it is stated that Aragorn finds the original Elendilmir in the tower of Orthanc
September silver closed up $ 0.004 in New York on Thursday at $ 5.255 an ounce .
The winter was also less harsh than the Long Winter, and snow and ice stopped in Eriador at the Gwathló river, and in Rhovanion in the middle of Mirkwood
Soccer - Arab team breaks new ground in Israel .
Utumno is Quenya word for "Underworld", also known as "Udûn" (Sindarin for Hell)
Before leaving for the Ettenmoors, Eradan meets Frodo Baggins, the Hobbit who carries the One Ring
Orcs of Barad-dûr had thick black iron, Morgul Orcs had smaller, and better-made armor (so said Samwise Gamgee) and possibly many beaked helms
In the years following the Battle of Five Armies, Beorn became a great chieftain among the folk of the Vales of Anduin and his followers became known as the Beornings
Bregalad is a Sindarin name and roughly translates as "Quickbeam" (from "bragol" and "galad" which means "sudden" and "tree")
The Sceptre of Annúminas was a silver rod originally borne by the Lords of Andúnië in Númenor, and it was patterned after the Sceptre of the King of Númenor
The army appeared to be the most advanced in technology compared to the rest of the "Glamhoth"
65 Billy Andrade , Duffy Waldorf , Jesper Parnevik ( Sweden )
"Ainu" - Quenya Tengwar word meaning Holy One
As Pinnath Gelin was a loyal province of Gondor, Hirluin came with some 300 well-armed men marched to the aid of Minas Tirith, fighting in the Battle of the Pelennor Fields
He was heavy and squat, and owned a harp of gold
Islamists can meet in London , minister .
before the Rings of Power were forged, only lesser magic rings were made by the craft taught by Sauron as magic ring-forging was just in its infancy
Azerbaijan has said it is prepared to grant autonomy to Nagorno-Karabakh if Armenian forces pull out , but will not accept Armenia 's demands for the independence of the enclave .
After Melkors destruction of the Two Lamps, the Iron Mountains were connected to the Blue Mountains of the West to the Orocarni of the east
The palantíri were the only other items to rival the ring in age, both being made in the Years of the Trees
Belgium asks how paedophile suspect eluded police .
Wang 's family and Hangzhou police could not be reached for immediate comment .
" Only our physical presence in Doboj will mean that the Dayton peace treaty has truly been implemented , " Edhem Efendija Camdzic , Doboj 's Islamic imam-in-exile , told the refugees .
3. Sweden 8.57
Kornblum , Milosevic discuss election crisis .
Saqlain Mushtaq b Hollioake 0
It is not known when Tom settled into his domain outside the Old Forest, but of course he was already living there when the Third Age began, seeing the rise (and fall) of the realm of Angmar and its wars that led to the Barrow-downs being inhabited by evil spirits called Barrow-wights
CAPE TOWN 1996-08-28
WASHINGTON 1996-08-23
ANKARA 1996-08-28
Umbar is a Quenya word meaning fate-
Welch , Thomas Gogele ( Germany ) , Paul McGinley ( Ireland ) ,
2. Soren Lausberg ( Germany ) 1:02.795
The southern host, instead, spoke a completely different language and was joined by strange folk whom they called Drûg
With Tulkas after this asleep, Melkor decided to return to Arda, and came and settled in the far north where the light of Illuin was dim
Professor Tom Lodge of the University of the Witwatersrand demurred , saying :
Beaver once worked for the U.S. Navy and Sake is an amusement park veteran .
1. Olaf Ludwig ( Germany ) Telekom 4 hours 48 mins 2 seconds
The name means "Spear-point", from the Quenya "ehtë" ("spear") and "thela" ("point of spear")
MARKET TALK - Sri Lanka plans to import up to 400,000 tonnes of rice by the end of this year to meet a crop shortfall caused by drought and rising demand , government officials said on Thursday .
6. Davidson Ezinwa ( Nigeria ) 10.15
During the War of the Ring, the beacons were lit on March 9 TA 3019, two days before the Siege of Gondor by Saurons army began
SOCCER - ROTOR FANS LOCKED OUT AFTER VOLGOGRAD VIOLENCE .
5. Collin Dugmore ( South Africa ) Honda
" There is no doubt that economic growth has already started , " said Adelbert Knobl , head of the International Monetary Fund 's mission in Ukraine . "
Círdan was the Lord of the Havens of the Falas, the lands around the two rivers Brithon and Nenning next to the sea
Grobbelaar , fellow goalkeeper Hans Segers , retired striker John Fashanu and Malaysian businessman Heng Suan Lim pleaded not guilty in May to charges of giving or accepting bribes to fix English premier league matches .
Sharif accused Bhutto of corruption and nepotism , charges she has denied in the past .
Much like the Dwarves, he lusted for treasure for his greed for gold was as great as the Dwarves he had been raised within, and as great as the Hell-dragons
Simon Brown , analyst at investement bank UBS , said this new phenomenon has led to a change in the way the industry evaluates project risk .
Sweden 's Stefan Schwarz picked him out with a lob to the edge of the box and Batistuta did the rest , chipping veteran defender Franco Baresi and scoring at the near post .
-- Oslo newsroom +47 22 42 50 41
The impenetrable gates and walls of the Lonely Mountain, buttressed and secured with advanced, complex, and resilient Dwarven stonecraft and smithwork, easily withstood the siege equipment of the Easterlings
The race of Men were created by the supreme God, Ilúvatar
After a three day long Entmoot, an army of Ents and Huorns set off for the fortress of Isengard, making a terrifying racket
Bonilla 's blast was the first time Randy Johnson , last season 's Cy Young winner , allowed a run in five relief appearances since coming off the disabled list on August 6 .
This led to a belief among the Rohirrim and Dunlendings that even in death the wraith of Helm Hammerhand still wandered through Rohan, and defended the Hornburg
Norwich 2 1 0 1 3 3 3
4. Johan Boonen ( Belgium ) Husqvarna
Pakistan won the toss and put England in to bat in the second limited overs cricket international at Edgbaston on Saturday .
Imin and Iminyë had several descendants when Oromë arrived at Cuiviénen and invited the Elves to undertake the Great Journey
Lebed , who has arranged a military truce with separatist rebels in the southern Russia region , was in Moscow this week seeking support for a deal on Chechnya 's political status .
2. Michael Johnson ( U.S. ) 20.02
VALLETTA 1996-08-24
Add men 's singles , second round 12 - Todd Martin ( U.S. ) beat Andrea Gaudenzi ( Italy ) 6-3 6-2 6-2 Stefan Edberg ( Sweden ) beat Bernd Karbacher ( Germany ) 3-6 6-3 6-3 1-0 retired ( leg injury )
I will remember it for the rest of my life , " said Stig Onarheim .
Azog, intending the entire battle as a trap for Thorin, tried to stop his friends from reaching him, sending ogres, a Troll and Wargs after them
Azogs army was amassed in the fortress of Dol Guldur, where Azog and the Necromancer were taking refuge
In the night 's only other match , Hamburg beat Hansa Rostock 1-0 , Karsten Baeron scoring the winner after some dazzling build-up from in-form midfielder Harald Spoerl .
In the year TA 3019, during the War of the Ring, King Théoden of Rohan led the people of Edoras to the Hornburg to take refuge from the impending attack of Sarumans army
TOKYO 1996-08-30
Morgoth carried a special mace into battle with Fingolfin
When Merry told him that the Chiefs Men had been defeated and that the Chief was about to be removed, Ted was shocked
He may have come to Aman with his immediate family, may have stayed at Cuiviénen like his forefather, or he may have perished before the Great Journey could be undertaken
He retreated north with the refugees of Eregion, including Celeborn, only escaping because the forces of Durin III assailed Saurons army in the rear
Gandalf then dodges the trolls attacks and attempts a strike with the staff, which also fails to have any effect
Seven churches joined voices on Wednesday to condemn the " day-to-day violence " of Brazil 's rural hinterland and the government 's failure to punish those responsible for massacres of landless peasants .
The Black Hand was what Gollum referred to as the hand of Sauron which had once bore the One Ring
Upon returning, they are scolded by their father, but Duinhir relents when the boys teach him and the other soldiers how to shoot the Mûmakil in the eyes
DUBLIN 1996-08-22
Thuringwethil means "Woman of the Secret Shadow" from the Sindarin "thurin" ("secret") and "gwath" ("shadow")
A third well drilled in this area , the Trax et al Morinville 2-25 , encountered the Leduc Reef but tested wet .
CHICAGO 1996-08-29
" Mr Shimon Peres , who is on a purely private and family visit to Morocco , was received on Thursday by his Majesty King Hassan at the royal palace of Skhirat , " the source said .
" We expect from Syria , if its face is to peace , that it will answer Israel 's message to enter peace negotiations because that is our goal , " he said . "
" It 's somewhere where I would n't like to stay very long , " Medvedev said of his current ranking of 36 . "
Ringló is a Sindarin word that meant "Cold-flood." Olwë was an Elf of the Teleri of Aman
State : CO
Hwa Kay plunges on rights issue , earnings .
Turgon was the citys only ruler, and as such the title did not pass to another and remained limited only to him, ending with his death in the Fall of Gondolin
Police said the girl who died was identified as Michelle Harper .
The people of Doriath were either killed or scattered, with Elwing taking the Nauglamír and fleeing with a remnant of the people of Doriath to the Havens of Sirion
The ban came into effect after the Prophecy of the North was delivered as the Ñoldorin host traveled up through Araman, after it became known that Fëanor, with the support of a host led by Fingon, killed the people of Alqualondë to get their ships
For the literal-minded reader, it is unclear whether or not mithril is a real metal; many have thought it to be , or however, both are far too heavy to qualify as candidates
An 88-year-old woman was taken to hospital with leg injuries , according to a spokesman for Guernsey police .
F.A. : First of Michigan Corp. , Detroit
MILTIADIS EVERT HEADS TO ALEXANDROUPOLIS THIS WEEKEND .
Dervorin assisted in the War of the Ring by marching three hundred men to protect the city of Minas Tirith prior to it being besieged by the armies of Mordor
(Indeed, Tolkien referred to Quenya as "Elf-Latin".) Quenya was used as a formal language and for writing and record keeping; Sindarin was the vernacular of all Elves
In New York , Wally Whitehurst allowed two runs over seven innings for his first win in more than two years and Paul O'Neill 's three-run double snapped a sixth-inning tie as the New York Yankees held on for a 5-4 victory over the Oakland Athletics .
Did not bat : Mohammad Akam
The Old Forest may refer to: Aragorn may refer to: Arveleg may refer to: Hyarmendacil may refer to: The Mirror of Galadriel was a silver basin of water used in the Elven realm of Lothlórien by Galadriel
The Rohirric for "Shadowfax" is "Sceadufæx" ("shadow-grey mane (and coat)")
Thranduil appears on his throne after the capture of Thorin and Company, and offers to release the Dwarves from captivity and help them in their quest if Thorin will return to Thranduil the gems Thrór had stolen from him
Albanian moderates want autonomy restored but hardliners want to join up with neighbouring Albania .
Though they loved their lives within Arda, they relinquished their spirits gracefully, almost gladly, and seemed to pass into a peaceful sleep, never to wake again in this life
Iraqi Kurds say Iranian troops enter north Iraq .
9. Akira Ryo ( Japan ) Kawasaki 38:50.269
is the author of "Tolkiens Modern Reading: Middle-earth Beyond the Reader" (2021), which thoroughly examines the contemporary literature that J.R.R. Tolkien read in his lifetime
1909 - The world 's first Boy Scout Rally was held at Crystal Palace near London .
The Sri Lankans were first found guilty then cleared of ball tampering and off-spinner Muttiah Muralitharan was called for throwing during a controversial three-test series in Australia .
With King Grams ascension, Prince Haleths father Helm would become the new Crown Prince of Rohan, with Haleth himself becoming second in line to the throne as the grandson of the new monarch
The One Ring could draw Ring-bearers to the wraith-world, allowing its denizens to be fully seen
The river also has an island known as Girdley Island in the river just above the Brandywine Bridge
Gwindor consists of the Ñoldorin word "gwind" ("pale blue"), or in Quenya, "vinya" ("young")
Scorers : Petr Gunda ( 1st and 26th ) , Lumir Mistr ( 19th ) ,
Eli Lilly sold IVAC on Dec. 31 , 1994 to DLJ Merchant Banking Partners LP , River Medical Inc. and other investors .
The written alphabet of both Sindarin and Quenya was typically Tengwar (the Fëanorian Characters), although the Cirth, the Elvish Runes, were also used
During the Great Journey, the telerin elf Nowë started to develop his skills in building ships on the shores of the Sea of Rhûn
Beginning in the middle of the Second Age, the forest came under threat by the felling of trees by the Men of Middle-earth and of Númenor
An archer is someone whose primary weapon in battle is the bow and arrow
In San Francisco , Osvaldo Fenandez fired a seven-hitter and Trenidad Hubbard belted a two-run homer as the San Francisco Giants ended a three-game losing streak by defeating the Montreal Expos , 7-2 .
When Thorin and Company are arrested for stealing weapons from the Lake-town armoury, the Master is quick to label them as enemies of the state. However, the revelation of Thorin’s royal linage and his promise of a share in the riches of the Lonely Mountain, persuades the Master to welcome the Dwarves, seeing the situation as a chance not only to restore his ailing popularity, but also as a way of increasing his own wealth. Providing the Dwarves with weapons and equipment the Master bids them farewell, trusting to their gratitude upon the successful completion of their quest
These names are also translations of the original Westron "Kuduk" (Hobbit) and Rohirric "kûd-dûkan" (hole dweller)
Because the Northmen were Middle Men, the Dúnedain in Gondor were afraid that this marriage might spoil the Númenórean blood of its kings
He slays Elendil with his mace, and breaks his sword Narsil
PRESS DIGEST - Tunisia - Aug 26 .
The mines were the source of the ore for many precious metals such as gold and iron
Aragorn and the Black Ships docked there in the Battle of the Pelennor Fields, where the hosts of Sauron thought them to be the newly arrived Corsairs of Umbar
In that story, the following comment is found (after the defeat of King Narmacil II of Gondor in TA 1856): It is possible to reconcile the texts if TA 1856 is seen as the year of the foundation of the first, primitive Northmen settlements in the area with the years after TA 2590 as the foundation of the city with the coming of the Dwarves; the canonicity of this, however, is unknown
The Beijing-funded WEN WEI PO said Taiwan 's government could not hope to stem the island 's economic and trade exchanges with China .
"Naugrim" / "Negyth" - Sindarin for Dwarves O
Cyprien , also fined 10,000 Swiss francs ( $ 8,400 ) , traded punches with St Gallen 's Brazilian player Claudio Moura after a match on Saturday .
Israeli-Syrian peace talks have been deadlocked over the Golan since 1991 despite the previous government 's willingness to make Golan concessions .
R. Ponting not out 46
Then loads of orcs, Uruk-hai, and Easterlings will come to the battle
China cancelled a visit by a top-level delegation in protest .
Osgiliath, Västerås Tolkiensällskap is a Tolkien Society based in the city of
The visit was Kabariti 's first trip outside the country since Jordan was shaken by food riots earlier this month .
Elegost remained in the pass, until his meeting with Berethor and Idrial
ACC sold 9.4 million tonnes in 1995/96 , retaining its top position in the Indian cement industry , Palkhivala said .
" On Friday , all Moslems , including Palestinians in Israel ...
The thirtieth King of Gondor, Calimehtar son of Narmacil, defeated the Wainriders at the Second Battle of Dagorlad, but while the Wainriders were checked they were not destroyed
Notable alterations and dilemmas told of include the relocation of the land of Hildorien, the place where Man first was created, the question of whether the Sea of Rhun could be identifiable as the inland Sea of Helkar, the changing of the Quenya term for "the fathers of Men", the emendation of the Elf race-name "Ekelli" to "Sindar", and, most prominently, the final shift from the use of the term "Gnome" to "Noldor [elf]"
Australia face Croatia in the world group qualifying tie on clay from September 20-22 .
Durins Folk discovered the mineral wealth of the Lonely Mountain during the Second Age, but the colony only came into its own after the fall of Khazad-dûm
The corrections department was probing the escape and had ordered all foreign inmates chained to prevent more breakouts .
Levy said that Best planned to open two new stores this fall .
They were seen as odd folk by the other Hobbits of the Shire because they locked their doors at night (because of the exposure to the Old Forest)
Olwë married an unnamed Elf, possibly of Telerin origin like himself, and had several sons and a daughter called Eärwen
Tuesday 's demolition came a day after PLO officials said they had bowed to Netanyahu 's demand they close offices in Jerusalem .
Thorin survives and rescues his grandfather, who in avarice, fled to his treasure hoard, losing the Arkenstone
2. Inger Miller ( U.S. ) 22.66
This lessened the Corsair threat for a time, although by the time of the War of the Ring fear of the Corsairs caused the Southern fiefs of Gondor to hold back most of their men
The United States said on Thursday it remained committed to migration accords with Cuba and would continue to repatriate intercepted Cuban migrants who attempted to enter U.S. territory illegally .
Because Eärendil had undertaken this errand on behalf of Men and Elves, and not for his own sake, Manwë forbore to deal out the punishment of death that was due; and because both Eärendil and Elwing were descended from a union of Elves and Men, Manwë granted to them and their sons the gift to choose to which race they would be joined (a gift that was further passed to the children of Elrond, who became known as the Half-elves)
He was killed by Naugladur when starting a war between the two clans of Dwarves
It was an ancient, Dwarf-made horn of silver with a green baldric, engraved with horsemen riding in a line from the tip to the mouth
Gonzalo Montoya , a police commander in Tacambaro , told Radio Red the group was armed with AK-47s and other high-powered assault rifles and wore military-style fatigues .
Archet, along with the rest of Bree-land, is depicted in the online role-playing game "The Lord of the Rings Online", where it is a starting point for Men and Hobbits
After the defeat of the Union of Maedhros at the Nírnaeth Arnoediad, this had become one of the many places in Beleriand that Orcs and wolves roamed
AMSTERDAM 1996-08-28
- Chelsea Clinton , until now carefully shielded from the exposure of public life , made her political debut on Sunday on her father 's whistlestop train trip .
Add Men 's singles , second round 1 - Pete Sampras ( U.S. ) beat Jiri Novak ( Czech Republic ) 6-3 1-6 6-3 4-6 6-4 Paul Haarhuis ( Netherlands ) beat Michael Tebbutt ( Australia ) 1- 6 6-2 6-2 6-3
Tar-Ardamin was the last to follow the practice of using an official Quenya name
It said another , the Cometra et al Morinville 11-13 , has logged 128 feet of productive Leduc Reef at 5,400 feet and is flowing water free at the rate of 590 barrels of oil per day on a 15 / 64ths-inch choke .
7. Ireland 8.45
Eriksson ( Sweden ) 71 75 , Paul Eales 75 71
Although the name Thorondir has no given meaning, it consists of the Sindarin "thor(on)" ("eagle")
+5 Mark O'Meara through 15
When Gandalf subsequently heated the Ring that Bilbo Baggins had found and passed on to Frodo the inscription appeared, the wizard had no doubt that it was the One Ring
They even strapped towers on their backs, garrisoned by Haradrim archers and spearmen
16. Yugoslavia 8.22
However, it was not flavorful like its Elvish counterpart, Lembas
With Thorins death in the battle, Dáin became King of Durins Folk and King under the Mountain, the first not of the main line
Lewis and Tolkien had feasted with C.E.M
As years progressed, the language became known for belonging to the Southern Mannish branch that included the languages of the Men of Bree, Men of the Mountains, and the Dunlendings
Dave Nilsson had three hits for the Brewers .
Bombadil performed some kind of exorcism on the barrow, through the rare power of his singing, which caused the wight to flee with a shriek; he then gave the hobbits swords and spread out the gold and treasures from the barrow on the grass, so that the barrows spell was broken and no wight could make habitat there
The Southerner was still in league with Bill Ferny by the time the War of the Ring drew near and met him in Bree, where he told Ferny who Frodo, Sam, Pippin, and Merry were
If that is true , then any new Treasury chief would need to be as effective as Rubin in convincing markets that the White House does indeed want a strong currency .
On one of his expeditions Oromë discovered the newly-awakened Elves at Cuiviénen
In both Westron and Old English, Sméagols name is related to Smaugs: Smaugs name in "true Dalish" was "Trâgu", and the Trah- stem in Trahald and Trâgu is thus a cognate of the Germanic stem present in both Sméagol, and Smaug (with a meaning of squeezing through a hole.) Portrayal in adaptations
The fields were later settled by Stoors around TA 1356
As a result the Dunlendings developed a deep hostility to the new arrivals for stealing their lands
COLORADO 10 Cincinnati 9
Mike Clayton ( Australia ) 69 76 , Emanuele Canonica ( Italy )
When the Dwarves set out to reclaim their stolen treasure hoard, I, Gandalf the wizard, sent with them the most unlikely of heroes: Bilbo Baggins of the Shire
Stephanie of Monaco 's husband snapped cavorting .
Haladin language, instead, was the common ancestor of the languages of the Lossoth of Forochel and of the so-called Hill-men and it was strictly related to Drúedainic
The Carl Vinson leads a battle group that includes seven other ships , and there are nine other U.S. ships in the Gulf for a total of 20 .
Bilbo, hoping to avoid conflict, took the Arkenstone to Bard and Thranduil, in order for them to barter their share of the treasure with
A message on television monitors all around the National Tennis Centre reads : " Due to hot weather please seek shade and drink plenty of fluids " -- sound advice until you check out the price of fluids .
Helluin was made by Varda in preparation for the Awakening of the Elves from the silver dews of Telperion stored in the Wells of Varda
This year 's Fed Cup finalists -- defending champion Spain and the United States -- will hit the road to open the 1997 women 's international team competition , based on the draw conducted Saturday at the U.S. Open .
Barcelona - Ronaldo ( 5th and 89th minutes ) , Giovanni ( 31st ) , Pizzi ( 73rd ) , De la Pena ( 75th )
In the later days of the Second Age, the High Pass was used by the armies of the Last Alliance of Elves and Men led by Gil-galad and Elendil when they marched through it on their way to confront the armies of Sauron in Mordor
By the time the Ñoldor arrived in Beleriand, the languages had become mutually unintelligible, but the Ñoldor were quick to learn it
Although Bilbo was clever enough not to fall for Smaugs attempts to trick him into revealing his exact position, the dragon used the resulting conversation to plant doubts in Bilbos mind, correctly guessing that the "burglar" had allied himself with the Dwarves and the men of Lake-town and asking if Bilbo had ever considered the logistical difficulties of getting his share of Smaugs treasure back to his home
After the battle, the locals wheeled the dead Men in wagons to the pit for burial
Finding that they cannot understand its speech, the thrush brings an old raven that can speak in the common tongue, and the raven informs them of Smaugs death
WHEAT--Rains boost U.S. HRW planting prospects .
Morannon Orcs were a type of Mordor Orc that saw conflict in the Battle of the Pelennor Fields
The two also agreed to set up joint patrols in Grozny , but Goncharova said she was sceptical about whether this could work .
MANCHESTER , England 1996-08-28
Theo is reunited with Bronwyn and Arondir there, and Míriel resolves resentfully to return to the ships and depart back to Númenor
BARLEY TENDER - The Cyprus Grain Commission said it invited offers September 3 to supply 25,000 tonnes of feed barley , with shipment for Sept 25 - Oct 10 from Europe or Sept 15-30 from North America .
Their intention was to draw the watchful Eye of Sauron away from Mount Doom, to allow Frodo the Ring-bearer to cast the One Ring into the Cracks of Doom and destroy it
He and Bard later join forces to take the Lonely Mountain, only to quickly join forces with Thorins army of Dwarves upon seeing the approach of the Goblin army
- ASIA PACIFIC
Natalia Karimova ( Russia ) 3:40.036 beat Yvonne McGregor
Emelia Sithole
" Bankruptcy is always possible , particularly when you lose what we are going to lose in the first half of this year , " Levy said . "
One of the assumptions is his interpretation of the murky circumstances surrounding the shooting death of Collins , who had broken with his comrades when he sought a negotiated settlement with Britain , in an ambush in 1922 .
Corrupted Maiar were referred to by the Quenya word "Umaiar"
After Aldarion became king in SA 883, he wished to revisit Middle-earth and he sailed on Hirilondë for Mithlond
67 Mark Calcavecchia , Payne Stewart , Billy Mayfair , Ken
They were carved sometime in the early Second Age by the Men of the White Mountains who were possibly relatives of the Drúedain, and were thought to resemble them in likeness
Ten people were missing after a fishing boat collided with a passenger liner and sank off China 's northeastern province of Liaoning , state radio said on Tuesday .
Brian Homewood
In the books, the Ring is not discovered to be the One Ring until "The Fellowship of the Ring"
The Nauglamír was the second-greatest treasure of Doriath, prized above all but Beren and Lúthiens Silmaril
Brazilian Planning Minister Antonio Kandir will submit to a draft copy of the 1997 federal budget to Congress on Thursday , a ministry spokeswoman said .
Aragorn, with the help of the Grey Company, Legolas, Gimli, and the Army of the Dead, drove the Corsairs off, capturing their ships and rowing them to Minas Tirith to relieve the siege of the city
It is also used as an insult by the Sons of Fëanor to Thingol (which is incorrect, since Thingol alone of the Sindar was reckoned under the Calaquendi)
A child sex scandal in Belgium in which two eight-year-old girls were murdered and two other sexually abused girls were rescued has focused new attention on the problem .
penalty ) , Jiri Dopita ( 57th )
Brady
Jacquet , beginning the 22-month countdown to France 's hosting of the World Cup finals , said : " We have an identity ( as a team ) which we are going to work on . "
Lebed aide says Russian-Chechen talks going well .
Average daily shipments from U.S. copper service centers in July fell three percent from the previous month , but were higher than in July 1995 , the Copper and Brass Servicenter Association reported .
BEIJING 1996-08-22
One of these was daylight itself
Andrei Medvedev ( Ukraine ) beat Jan Kroslak ( Slovakia ) 6-4 6-3
Even after Bilbo Baggins gave them the Arkenstone so that Thranduil could exchange this for his gems with Thorin in an attempt to stop the fighting from materializing, a war nearly broke out, but Azogs arrival and Dáins departure to deal with the army of Orcs called it off
During most of its course, it was the border between East and West Beleriand
In the second race , Takeda again challenged strongly until the fifth lap from the end when he crashed while running second to eventual race winner Takuma Aoki .
Neptune Crux 30 02/09 Singapore / options $ 185,000 Sietco .
MADRID 1996-08-29
Eight people died on Sunday in a blaze at a Moscow casino which the fire service said might have been started deliberately , Interfax news agency said .
Thomson said : " I am leaving with my dignity and my pride intact , and that is very important to me .
37. Greece 7.89
"The Queen of Light" who "took her bow" is taken to refer to Galadriel, a queen of the Elves, signifying that the Third Age is ending and that the Age of Men will begin soon
In addition to the 158 F / A-18 , F-14 and other fighter planes on the aircraft carriers Vinson and Enterprise , the Air Force air expeditionary force of 30 to 40 F-15 and F-16 fighter planes and fuel tankers is ready to fly from three U.S. bases in the United States , they said .
"Argonui" was a Sindarin word that meant royal-stony
Tiber 29 2/9 Caribs / options W265 Stinnes .
Finding the Trolls horde, the Dwarves discovered the famous swords Orcrist and Glamdring, as well as the small dagger Sting
With legions of ghastly Giant Spiders at her command, she has accumulated an untold fortune of treasure – which is now coveted by the dragon Úrgost
" We had to build our own earth shelters to survive the fighting , " said Rajab Adinayev , a bearded elderly Tajik in a long white shirt .
Lanusse was a candidate in the election but failed to defeat his old adversories and never returned to public office .
Their orders were to lead her towards Hithlum, where she would meet her elder brother Fingon
Republic ) 7-5 6-3
Bilbo Baggins, like Sméagol, is a Hobbit rather than a Man, but Hobbits are also among the Younger Children of Ilúvatar, and are therefore recipients of the Gift of Men
In the "", Aragorn, not Tom Bombadil, gives the hobbits the barrow-blades
Kieran Murray
Camacho took a controversial points decision against the Panamanian in Atlantic City in June in a title fight .
CRICKET - ENGLAND BEAT PAKISTAN IN FIRST ONE-DAYER .
MONTREAL AT SAN FRANCISCO
In Peter Jacksons adaptation of ", "Snaga is portrayed as a young scout brought by Grishnákh to help him gain control of Merry and Pippin and hurry the Uruk-hai Scouts (though it is unclear if all the lesser Orcs or only Grishnákh are from Mordor, as they look similar to those from Isengard)
The first issue was made as a test exclusively by "Aratheking", entitled "Cheeseweb Monthly", as it is planned to be released every month
PRESS DIGEST - HK newspaper editorials - Aug 28 .
Brazilian midfielder Paulo Sergio put Leverkusen ahead in the 25th minute but Alexander Zickler equalised just a minute later .
Torpedo 6 3 1 2 8 7 10
The etymology of "lintips" is unclear, but because the poem is set in "an elvish land", the stem of the name may be Quenya (from "lint" "soft stuff" or "linte" "swift") - however, the ending "-ip" is clearly not Elvish
Netanyahu and Levy 's spokesmen said they could not confirm it .
3. Inez Turner ( Jamaica ) 2:00.91
Isengards valley was honeycombed with deep pits, used for breeding Orcs and forging weapons
JACKSONVILLE , Fla. 1996-08-28
2 - Zhang Ning ( China ) beat Olivia ( Indonesia ) 11-8 11-6
In Sindarin, Belthronding is comprised of the words "bel" ("strong"), "staran" or "thron" ("stiff, hard"), and "ding" ("an onomatopoeic variant of ting")
Eldamar is a Quenya word that meant Elvenhome
Salisbury 61.2 8 221 2 110.50
At the beginning of the Second Age, large populations of Middle Men inhabited the region, which was heavily forested
After one of the Orcs known as Mauhúr begins to say that they havent eaten anything except maggoty food for three days, Snaga joins in and adds that their captives "look fresh" until he is denied his meal by the Uruk-hai scouts loyal to The Eye and The White Hand
Lórien may refer to: The Sindar (Q.: "Grey Ones"), singular Sinda, also known as the Grey-elves, were a sub-group of the Telerin Elves, who chose to stay in Beleriand and thus did not complete the Great Journey to Aman
Ringil was the sword of Fingolfin, High King of the Ñoldor
Gente said Ducruet , a keen racing driver , met Houteman during a race in Belgium and photographers had been on their trail ever since .
A second army by Bolg arrives, but is thwarted by Beorn
10. Jeroen Blijlevens ( Netherlands ) TVM 31
At Bilbos Farewell Birthday Party in September of TA 3001, as Bilbo made a speech, Everard and Melilot falsely assuming he had finished, and dancing the "Springle-ring" dance on a table together
They were paired with the Firebeards, but each tribe had its own mansion. Tolkien, however, never specified if the Broadbeams lived in Nogrod or Belegost meaning that Azaghâl may have been the Father of the Broadbeams as he was King of Belegost
It refers in a literal sense to his renewal of the Kingship of the Dúnedain, and so to the renewal of the hope of Men
TENNIS - HUBER AND MALEEVA FALL , UP-AND-COMERS ADVANCE AT OPEN .
It is speculated however that Dorwinion was an Avarin land, with Winion carrying the meaning "wine"
- Trade talks between Tunisia and the Palestinian Authority .
The ICAC has kept a close eye on passport scams after a U.S. official was jailed for trafficking fake Honduran passports as part of an immigration racket aimed at Chinese .
Elena Likhovtseva ( Russia ) beat Lila Osterloh ( U.S. ) 6-4 6-2
Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli followed the Paths of the Dead in the year 3019 of the Third Age and convinced the Army of the Dead to fight for Gondor in the War of the Ring
3. Franka Dietzsch ( Germany ) 61.74
Enn Markvart , chairman of the National Election Commission said 96 members of parliament cast votes , with one ballot paper invalid and 11 abstentions .
The 15 survivors who had been on board the Russian-made MI-17 helicopter were taken to hospital from the remote jungle crash site about 150 km ( 90 miles ) north of Phnom Penh , Information Minister Ieng Mouly said .
It plays when the Orc army uses Grond to destroy the Gate of Minas Tirith
Fhaleen is a Haradrim warrior featured as a pre-made hero in " "video game
4. Jon Drummond ( U.S. ) 20.42
Elros chose the Fate of Men and became Elros Tar-Minyatur, the first King of Númenor
With utter malice, he chooses the most sacred ground in all of Arnor: the Barrow-downs
" Two sons have come back , " said his mother Nurbika Mamatuyeva . "
Enn Markvart , Chairman of the National Election Commission , said 96 members of parliament voted in the second round , with 12 abstentions and one ballot paper invalid .
Jeff Tarango ( U.S. ) vs. Alex Radulescu ( Germany )
The Sakigake row has caused jitters in its coalition partners , Prime Minister Ryutaro Hashimoto 's Liberal Democratic Party ( LDP ) , the biggest grouping , and the Social Democratic Party .
Boromir told Aragorn that he had seen Frodo an hour ago where he had tried to convince Frodo to bring the One Ring to Minas Tirith
Objects could be placed inside other objects, attached together with rope and damaged or broken
The palantíri were not initially inherently dangerous to use, however after the Ithil-stone was captured by Sauron in TA 2002 they were no longer used by Gondors rulers, as users could be ensnared by the Dark Lord, as later events were to show
Cruise will reprise his roles as star and co-producer , and will soon meet Academy Award-winning screenwriter William Goldman , who will write the script , the report said .
Lothlórien means "Dream-flower", from the Sindarin "loth" ("blossom, flower") and Quenya "lórien" ("dream, slumber")
With Saruman, they travelled east in an attempt to help free the Haradrim and Easterlings from Saurons service
The name Nísimaldar means "fragrant trees", from the Quenya terms "nísima" ("fragrant") and "alda" ("tree")
M. Atherton b Wasim Akram 65
MANCHESTER , England 1996-08-29
Belthronding was the bow of Beleg Cúthalion
Afterwards, gold was used by all speaking peoples of Arda, particularly the Dwarves and the Ñoldor
In the game "Middle Earth Role Play" by Iron Crown Enterprises, a Quenya name for the Dark Land, Mórenorë ("Dark Land"), was given, although it does not appear in any of Tolkiens writings; the name Hyarmenor, "south-land" is given instead in Tolkiens works (as seen in "The History of Middle-earth")
During the Fourth Age, which began after the destruction of Mordor and Sauron, Dwarves and Men re-forged their friendship
ISLAMABAD 1996-08-24
Following these things in the tale comes the ruining of Gondolins security by Maeglin, and the subsequent invasion of a massive army from Angband
Speaking only hours after Chinese state media said the time was right to engage in political talks with Taiwan , Foreign Ministry spokesman Shen Guofang told Reuters : " The necessary atmosphere for the opening of the talks has been disrupted by the Taiwan authorities . "
Núrn was partially inhabited by Westron-speaking Men that were enslaved by the Dark Lord Sauron
A separate report from Chicago area purchasing managers underlined the strength in manufacturing as the group 's barometer of manufacturing in the region jumped to 60 in August from 51.2 in July .
Viljoen broke with other right-wing whites in 1994 by taking part in the country 's first all-race elections in April of that year , saying the only way to attain self-determination was by cooperating with President Nelson Mandela 's majority African National Congress .
COLOMBO 1996-08-30
Tolkien said that "The Lord of the Rings" was significantly better than "The Hobbit" but may not demonstrate an exceptionally fit continuation
Jan Siemerink ( Netherlands ) beat Carl-Uwe Steeb ( Germany ) 4-6 6 - 1 7-6 ( 7-4 ) 6-4
The airport spokesman said the six hijackers , who police said were armed with grenades and possibly other explosives , were believed to be Iraqi nationals .
Gandalf reassures Sam by pointing out each successive generation of hobbit folk get taller and taller, the wizard speculating that one day hobbits will be indistinguishable from humanity and will join them
She held her people together for seven days until Caranthir and his army drove out the Orcs and ended their siege on the Haladin
Opener Gooch 's decision comes towards the end of a season in which he has underlined his consistency by becoming the leading scorer in Essex 's history , beating Keith Fletcher 's aggregate of 29,434 .
A significant portion followed Sauron southwards to Mordor, where he established his domain; these Orcs would be the bulk of the force used by him to sack Celebrimbors realm of Eregion
But the council did not agree that the One Ring should go to Gondor, deciding that the only safe course was to destroy it
He was succeeded by his son Húrin I
Belarus beat Estonia 1-0 ( halftime 1-0 ) in a World Cup soccer European group 4 qualifier on Saturday .
The royal jewel, the Elendilmir, included a fillet of mithril that had once belonged to Silmariën, survived the Fall of Númenor to become the royal circlet of Arnor, and survived into the Fourth Age Etymology
D. Cork c Moin Khan b Waqar Younis 0
CHICAGO AT HOUSTON
Due to his ancestry, he was Half-elven, and given the choice of the immortality of the Eldar, or the Gift of Men
It has also been reprinted in the appendix to 2014 edition of "The Adventures of Tom Bombadil" along with "" and "An Evening in Tavrobel"
Unable to assume a fair form, Saurons hand was blackened after the death of his body in the Fall of Númenor
4. Elijah Maru ( Kenya ) 3:33.64
BANGKOK 1996-08-29
NEW YORK 1996-08-27
Malcolm Marshall ( West Indies ) 376 , 81
As a logical consequence, Sindarin was a language used by the Dwarves
Dagnirs armored scales are so strong that most weapons can hardly make a scratch it them
The United States has 5,000 U.S. air force and other military personnel in Saudi Arabia .
Merry Brandybuck and Éowyn, disguised as a rider named Dernhelm, rode with Elfhelms éored to the Battle of the Pelennor Fields on March 15
Maslova said the wound had affected a lung and a kidney .
He was born in Buenos Aires in 1918 and married Ileana Bell with whom he had nine children .
Aulë at the prayer of Yavanna forged two mighty lamps, Illuin and Ormal
The term Culumalda is of Quenya origin, and means "Golden-red tree" from "culu" ("golden red") and "alda" ("tree")
Chris Boardman ( Britain ) 4:11.114 ( world record ) beat Andrea Collinelli ( Italy ) 4:20.341
According to a new release from the governor , Wisconsin submitted a plan to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services for administration of the new block grant system for welfare just minutes after President Bill Clinton signed the measure into law Thursday .
" Coming just a million guilders under the forecast range is n't overwhelmingly surprising , " said ING analyst Steven Vrolijk , who is continuing to look for a nine to 10 percent rise in 1996 earnings .
The name "Landroval" is Sindarin and means "Broad Wing", derived from the words "land" ("broad") and "roval" ("pinion, wing")
It is the location of the fortress of Khargukôr where many Black Uruks dwelt
8. Wayne Riley ( Australia ) 233,713
Lithariel was the leader of the Tribesmen of Núrn in the late Third Age, and the adopted daughter of Queen Marwen, ruler of Núrn
After learning of this, Thingol summoned all the Sindar that wished to live in peace to the lands within the forests of Region and Neldoreth
2. Shayne King 28
Workers at Serbia 's Zastava arms factory entered the ninth day of their protest over unpaid wages on Thursday with management accused them of rejecting talks .
Baltimore 's Eddie Murray cracked his 20th homer of the season and 499th of his career .
The New Zealand money market gained slightly at Wednesday 's close after what dealers described as a see-saw trading session .
Koeln ( Cologne ) 182,887 up 11.8
Palestinian Authority frees rights activist .
Ukraine has repeatedly promised to introduce the hryvna but had to postpone the plans because of economic problems .
Melkor, the first Dark Lord, wielded the great war hammer named Grond
Canada 's Prairies saw no frost on Monday morning and none was expected anywhere on the grainbelt until late in the Labour Day long weekend , Environment Canada said .
Sri Lanka beat India by nine wickets in the second match of the Singer World Series one-day ( 50 overs ) cricket tournament on Monday .
8. Voskamp same time
1. Silvio Martinelli - Marco Villa ( Italy ) 34 points , in a
In response Húrin killed him as punishment for the cruel behaviour from the dwarf, when they originally had planned to just take the treasure and leave him alone
4. Luca Cadalora ( Italy ) Honda 1:51.006
HELSINKI 1996-08-26
Part of the reason for this is that Christopher Tolkien heavily edited "The Silmarillion" to ready it for publication, in places having to choose between contradictory versions of the text
Riddles in the Dark is the fifth chapter of J.R.R Tolkiens "The Hobbit"
They were originally paired with the Blacklocks
Recalled fly-half Henry Honiball kicked the Springboks into a 6-0 lead after 10 minutes only to see Andrew Mehrtens launch a penalty from eight metres inside his own half to narrow the gap .
In some of Tolkiens earliest writings, giants were among the Úvanimor, or monster-folk, bred under the earth by Melkor (called "Melko" in the early tales) along with other monsters, Nauglath (wicked dwarves), and ogres
India
2. Kocinski 38:19.313
Before the publication publication of "The Lord of the Rings" the language of the Green-elves, the precursor of the Nandorin was called "Danian" in "The Etymologies." However, only a small number of words of this language are attested, thus is difficult to deduce how many differences could exist between the two language
His Ñoldorin name was Tulcus ("strong")
Victims under a Wights spell would lose their will; in this way the Barrow-wights drew the living into the tombs of the downs
Unlike any other Orcs seen in Peter Jacksons films, Azog and his band speak using the Orkish language rather than in English, refuses to speak in Common Speech, even for people who do not know Orkish
Those Men with the greatest understanding treated death as the Gift it was originally intended to be, and when their time came gladly gave themselves up to it
SHANGHAI 1996-08-28
Lee Grinner Pace plays the Elvenking Thranduil in Peter Jacksons live-action, three-part film adaption of J.R.R. Tolkiens "The Hobbit"
Originally, he did not trust the Elves, and was the leader of dissension among the Men of Estolad
Warg-riders armor in the films are distinct from that of other Orcs
Fortunately, the three were able to defeat the Balrog only for the Riddler and Gollum, who had been hanging about, to fall from the city, though they were saved by a Fellbeast
Otherwise , you get selling out of Tokyo and Frankfurt again . "
BRATISLAVA 1996-08-26
Since TA 2340 (SR 740), the Thainship remained within the powerful Took clan
Senator Dianne Feinstein , a California Democrat , called it a " big bump " in the way of the Clinton campaign .
Kullervo asks for his sword to kill him, and the sword replies just as Gurthang did
Seles 's sore left shoulder and a wrist injury to Fed Cup veteran Mary Joe Fernandez have forced King to take a wait and see attitude regarding her squad for the best-of-five match .
" It was very hard to sleep last night because there was so much I could accomplish with this win , " said Mickelson , who had a three-stroke lead entering the third round . "
This visit will create a direct contact opportunity for the two parties to express their views , " spokesman Omer Akbel told a news briefing .
JAKARTA 1996-08-27
MEXICO CITY 1996-08-29
Although no cities or permanent dwellings of the Haradrim were described by Tolkien, it is presumable they were located near these rivers, where the climate may have been milder and where they could make use of irrigation
8. Anthony Gobert ( Australia ) Kawasaki 117
LONDON 1996-08-24
The Dwarrowdelf was founded by Durin the Deathless in the far distant past, long before the creation of the Sun and Moon in the Years of the Trees
Unlike Christ, who at the height of his trial on the cross submits his will to Gods and commends his spirit into His hands, Frodo, at the climax of his ordeal with the Ring, exerts his own will first by choosing not to complete the quest, saying, "I will not do this deed." With this declaration of will, Frodo claims the One Ring as his own and puts it on to openly reveal himself to the Eye of Sauron
But as the years grow long and Time wears, even the Valar will come to envy the gift of Ilúvatar to the race of Men, that of liberation from the physical world, and the inevitability of loss and sorrows that must come with this existence within Arda
BELGRADE 1996-08-31
He said there had been searches at three sites on Sunday , including one at the Charleroi judicial police headquarters where Zicot worked .
Brazil - Donizetti ( 47th ) , Ronaldo ( 85th )
After the destruction of the One Ring and of Sauron, Legolas stayed for the coronation of Aragorn and his marriage to Arwen
LONDON 1996-08-26
3. Tommi Makinen ( Finland ) Mitsubishi Lancer 8 seconds
They were required to pull the colossal battering engine Grond to the Great Gate of Minas Tirith to destroy them, after smaller battering rams failed
NEW YORK 1996-08-27
Asif Mujtaba 7 5 6 0 -
Númenórean scholars declared that this was because these Men were descendants of the fathers of the Edain, the Atanatári, who had not crossed the Ered Luin and entered Beleriand during the First Age
The Dayton peace agreement gave the OSCE a mandate to organise Bosnian elections .
However, Throughout the rest of the Third Age, Umbar was home a new generation of Corsairs of Umbar, who were closely related to the Haradrim, if not even merely Haradrim themselves
Muratovic is also due to meet with President Suleyman Demirel , Foreign Minister Tansu Ciller and Turkish businessman , the ministry official said .
42. Slovenia 7.77
He returned to the Kremlin on Thursday after a two-day break in the lakelands of northwestern Russia .
CONAKRY 1996-08-28
In the southern lands of Middle-earth, the Elf Arondir is introduced as one of a troop of Elves watching over Tirharad, a town of Men
When riding a warg, he is forced into a combative stoop because of his detached arm
Mungo married Laura Grubb and had five children: Bungo, Belba, Longo, Linda, and Bingo
Currin said the law had to be changed so all judicial prosecutions were automatically suspended for those who approached the truth commission .
The Fallen is the fourteenth soundtrack of
A few years later, he is visited by Gandalf and Balin, who tell him that Bard is the new Master of Lake-town, as the old Master stole much of the gold and fled, but eventually died in the south
Khuzdul is unique in belonging to Aulëan, unlike the languages of Elves and Men, which are of the Oromëan language family
Dúnhere was the chieftain of the folk of Harrowdale, and a valiant captain who fought in the First Battle of the Fords of Isen and the Battle of the Pelennor Fields
It was the easternmost province of Gondor, and its only region between the river Anduin and the Ephel Dúath
Yávië is the Quenya name for the season in the Calendar of Imladris which corresponds with autumn
A limelight-loving South African chief was in disgrace on Saturday after a prized skull he brought home from Scotland was identified as belonging not to his sacred tribal ancestor , but to a middle-aged white woman .
Aragorn agreed that it was a troll-hole, but also said that it looked like it had been abandoned for some time, and that they probably had nothing to be afraid of
Inside is shown a large dining hall and a back patio, when Thorin and Company come to visit and learn about the swords Orcrist and Glamdring and about Thrórs Map
Bowling : Wasim Akram 9.4-1-45-3 , Waqar Younis 7-0-28-1 ,
After a day of fighting the Witch-kings army overwhelmed the men of Gondor and won Osgiliath
Bill was purchased in Bree after all the horses and ponies in The Prancing Ponys stable had been set free or stolen, including the ponies that had been brought by Merry, Frodo, Pippin, and Sam
Because Ñoldorin Quenya was more widespread, since the Ñoldor came to Middle-earth, making known their language among the Moriquendi and the Edain, Vanyarin was considered a less known, elusive dialect, spoken only in Valinor
It is possible some of his descendants were the ancestors of the later Men of Eriador
Part way through Ithilien the army was ambushed by Haradrim and Easterlings, but they were easily detected by the Rangers of Ithilien and driven off with few casualties
The NCB 's official monthly trade statistics are lagging behind due to changes in customs procedures when Finland joined the European Union at the start of 1995 .
Sri Lanka - Arjuna Ranatunga ( captain ) , Sanath Jayasuriya ,
During the War of the Ring, the Hobbits led by Merry and Pippin ambushed a band of Ruffians on the Bywater Road and defeated them just outside of it
ROCHESTER , N.H. 1996-08-30
At the time of Battle of the Pelennor Fields he leaves Sarn Ford together with Luin and never seen in game again
Their cuirass was often made from the bones of a horses rib cage, to which was stitched pieces of hide and fur; during centuries of wear — if the Orc survived his close contact with the Wargs, living with and feeding them as they did — the Warg-riders armor would go from foul-smelling to rotten, and so would need to be constantly repaired and replaced
BRUSSELS 1996-08-31
The name Arvegil comes from the Sindarin words "ar(a)" ("noble, high, royal") and "megil" or later "vegil" ("sword")
Note : the Apertura is the first of two championships played
Barter has always been a feature of the Soviet Union 's foreign trade , but Yeltsin 's decrees liberalising foreign trade in 1991-1992 has given barter a new impetus .
WARSAW 1996-08-28
TEXAS AT KANSAS CITY
4. David Coulthard ( Britain ) McLaren 1:51.884
Therefore, Gimilkhâd became the leader of the Kings Men in Númenór and preserved their ways in secret during the reign of Tar-Palantir
" We were not allowed a delay to enable us to transfer the movement 's goods and documents , " Khalfallah added in a statement .
It said the military presence reflects cooperation between President Saddam Hussein and the PUK 's rival , the Kurdistan Democratic Party ( KDP ) .
The majority of refugees from Bosnia 's 1992-95 war are Moslems from the Serb-controlled north and east .
After Sauron was defeated, Thranduil, Orophers son and heir, returned to Eryn Galen with the shattered remnants of his peoples grand army
It is believed that the sea was formed from the meltwaters or waters flowing in from the Eastern Sea after the destruction of Ormal
The following are the major battles in this long, extended conflict
" The cost of exported goods is too often understated , so the actual share of barter deals in Russian exports and the amount of unimported goods may be even higher , " Volkova said .
The Iron Hills had remained an undefeated stronghold for Good, with 67% of games there being Good victories
Stuttgart 10,655 up 11.7
Vorotemnar were great manacles made to hold Melko (Melkor) in the earlier forms of the legendarium
Last, they had a keen cutting edge that could easily cut through the leather armor of the Rohirrim (for the massive swords were powerful enough to cut through even steel armor)
" They asked me what would be the first thing I would do if I were president , and I said the first thing I would do would be to resign straight away , " Archbishop Antonio Quarracino said at a sermon attended by several cabinet ministers .
Cozma is barred from taking part in any official soccer activity during the ban .
" This treaty is both necessary and good , " Nastase said , adding that the PUNR 's stance was threatening its position in the government .
2. Bob Moore ( U.S. ) Yamaha
Thorin, Dwalin, Fíli and Kíli go after Azog on Ravenhill on mountain goats but, when they reach there, Azog snatches Fíli and impales the Dwarf through the torso with his blade arm
Local historians say the tradition began in 1945 when disgruntled locals began spontaneously to bombard the priest and mayor at the annual fiesta in Bunol ( pronounced Boo-nee-OL ) .
Frederic Vitoux ( France ) beat Ramon Delgado ( Paraguay ) 6-4 6-4 7-6 ( 7-3 )
PRESS DIGEST - MOZAMBIQUE - AUGUST 26 .
SKS Tana 70 03/09 Mideast / Japan W145 CNR .
Laer was the Sindarin name for the season in the Calendar of Imladris, which corresponds with summer and lasted about 72 days
Turkish Kurd guerrillas said on Friday they would free seven Turkish soldiers they hold in northern Iraq under a tentative Islamist peace bid .
Barahir was the grandson of Faramir and Éowyn, and may have been the son of Elboron
Republic ) 7-5 6-3
Petra Langrova ( Czech Republic ) beat Naoko Sawamatsu ( Japan ) 6- 4 3-6 7-5
Cevaer ( France ) , Thomas Bjorn ( Denmark ) , Tony Johnstone
May 22 First one-day international ( at Headingley ,
Fernandez was forced to withdraw from the U.S. Open .
6. Belometti 19
They are affiliated in the production of Amazon Studios upcoming series "The Rings of Power"
The Easterlings took up arms to kill him, but Lorgan let them depart freely so that Morgoths plot for Húrin might further unfold
The fishing boat sank and its entire crew was missing after a collision with the " Tiantan " liner off the port of Dalian early on Monday , the report said .
Thorin leads the company into the Battle of Five Armies with a sword and a shield, with which he slays many Orcs
Frodo Baggins and Samwise Gamgee passed through this land when they were on the Quest of the Ring and later during the Scouring of the Shire, a hundred Tooks led by Pippin marched from Tuckborough and the rest of this land to fight against the Ruffians
He became heir of the lost King under the Mountain and King of Durins Folk
Wars would still be fought by the Reunited Kingdom and Rohan against the Men that had allied with Sauron, the Haradrim and Easterlings
After the departure of Ing, Leithian became an island and suffered seven invasions by Men of the Great Lands, the sixth of which was by the Men of Rûm, who did not even believe that Elves were real
Lastly, with the use of mithril, their armor changed more dramatically than any other of their works did
-- Colombo newsroom tel 941-434319
15. Retief Goosen ( South Africa ) 195,283
In "The Two Towers", Saruman acts as Saurons deputy: he arranges an alliance between the wild-men of Dunland and the union of Mordor-Isengard; he sends Orc and Dunling raiding parties to pillage and burn the Westfold; he amasses an Uruk-hai army of 10,000 to lay waste to the world of Men
R. Croft b Waqar Younis 15
" This was the most difficult win - three days at 125 percent effort , " said Makinen , whose success completed his 1,000 Lakes hat-trick .
3. Nastja Rysich ( germany ) 3.75
The only published versions of the story make up the sixteenth chapter of Christopher Tolkiens "The Peoples of Middle-earth", in Part Four
However the limited government of the Shire did hold its own voluntary police force known as Shirriffs that helped to keep the Shire safe, usually from trespassing beasts and collecting lost farm animals, rather than from enemy forces
Tharbad was originally the name given to a ford, high up along the once-densely-forested banks of the Gwathló, where: "..the land was almost flat, and the waters became sluggish, tending to spread into fenland." Above Tharbad the river was forked, with both branches having converged from out of "a network of swamps, pools and eyots, where the only inhabitants were hosts of swans, and many other waterbirds." In the early Second Age, this huge fenland north-east of Tharbad, which the Elves named Nîn-in-Eilph, the Swanfleet, entered the southern part of the Ñoldorin realm Eregion, and Tharbad is first mentioned in the sixth century of that Age; "...no records are now left of the later voyages that Aldarion made, but it is known that he went much on land as well as sea, and went up the River Gwathló as far as Tharbad, and there met Galadriel." Such early river voyages were made by "hardy explorers" of Númenor, in "ships of smaller draught", but such journeys up the Gwathló increased rapidly after the Númenóreans constructed a small harbour at the rivers estuary to exploit the local timber: Vinyalondë, the New Haven
71 Ernie Els ( South Africa ) , Scott Hoch
The Sindarin names "Thranduil, Legolas, Amroth, and Nimrodel" were considered as Lemberin
A. Stewart c Asif Mujtaba b Mushtaq Ahmed 54
Only immortals and ring-bearers were allowed to live in this realm
Sindarin word referring to the ancient race of tree guardians "Anto "- Quenya word for Mouth
In Kansas City , Jose Rosado came within one out of his third complete game and Michael Tucker homered and drove in three runs as the Kansas City Royals broke a six-game losing streak with a 9-2 victory over the Detroit Tigers in a battle of cellar-dwellers .
" The fires keep moving back because of the winds , " he said , forcing the utility to shut those transmission lines for a second time this week .
It appears that the Rohirrim maintained the custom of celebrating the midwinter holiday as their ancestors the Northmen had done
With Democrats gathering in Chicago to start a convention on Monday to nominate him for a second term as president , Clinton plans a steady parade of events designed to highlight his leadership and dim the glow of the just-concluded Republican conclave that gave a boost to rival Bob Dole .
Durin IV of Khazad-dûm also joined this alliance, at some subsequent time sending a force of Durins Folk
5. Linford Christie ( Britain ) 10.14
West Bromwich 2 0 1 1 2 3 1
Hundreds of police raided the Dhaka university on Sunday , arresting nearly 30 outsiders who had been living in student dormitories and seizing weapons , university officials said .
The term Rhosgobel originates from the Sindarin words "rhosg" ("brown") and "gobel" ("enclosed dwelling, walled house or village")
To complete the oath he helped defend Minas Tirith when it was under attack by an army of Orcs and Trolls and their leader the Witch-king of Angmar
KIMBERLEY , South Africa 1996-08-27
He forged two great black swords from a meteorites metal, but had to give the sword Anglachel to Thingol as tribute for living in Nan Elmoth
The first element "egal" has many possibilities to its origin, including "eglerio "or "egleria" ("praise, glorify"), "egnas "(which is rather appropriately found in both Ñoldorin and Sindarin), or "êg" ("sharp point"), "eglon "or "eglir" (which were names given to the Ñoldor by the Sindar), or "egol" ("forsaken")
7. Olga Chernyavskaya ( Russia ) 60.46
An exception to the hierarchy of Elvish peoples was Thingol, who, though he did not complete the journey, had earlier been to Valinor
- Pakistan bought 31,412 tonnes of PL-480 No.2 yellow soybeans from Cargill Inc for $ 303.19 per tonne , FOB U.S. Gulf , agents for the buyer said .
Yuri Kushko
VERONA , Italy 1996-08-24
Hashan Tillekeratne , Roshan Mahanama , Kumara Dharmasena ,
And we feel very confident that we 're doing all the right things , " Hope said .
CAIRO 1996-08-30
He was also known for recounting a tale of the exile of Ñoldor and the coming of Men
2. Pat Manson ( U.S. ) 5.60
2. Michele Bartoli ( Italy )
-- New York newsroom , ( 212 ) 859-1610
Smaug shows himself to be intensely sadistic, contemplating out loud that he would allow Bilbo Baggins to bring the Arkenstone to Thorin if only to watch the stone wreak havoc on Thorins mind the way it did Thrórs
The Wind Lance was a giant ranged weapon used by the Men of Dale and of Lake-town in the Third Age
Richard Whiteside (April 15, 1968 - August 11, 2015) was a New Zealand actor who played an uncredited Erebor Dwarf Guard in , Barney Butterbur in , and a Lake-town Guard in
After appearing as a pinch-hitter in the previous two games , Bonds , who has been battling a hamstring injury , did not see any action today , ending his streak at 357 consecutive games .
Jim Grabb ( U.S. ) beat Sandon Stolle ( Australia ) 6-3 7-5 7-6 ( 7-4 )
Greylin was a Rohirric word that meant "Grey-torrent"
" I have told Bangladesh leaders that British goverment has attached serious importance to the resolution of the tragic death of Siraj Mia , " Under-Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs Liam Fox Fox , told reporters .
1 - Arantxa Sanchez Vicario ( Spain ) beat 3 - Jana Novotna ( Czech Republic ) 1-6 , 6-2 6-3
It became a token of royalty throughout the Kingdom of Arnor, having been first crafted and presented to the High King of Gondor and Arnor, Elendil the Tall, in the Second Age
This changed during the War, when the inland Sea of Ringil, originally landlocked and set in the mid-south of Middle-earth, grew in size and "became a great sea flowing north-eastward and joining by straits both the Western and Eastern Seas." This event split Middle-earth into two landmasses; the landmass to the south and east of the former Sea of Ringil (which was also called the "East Sea" by Tolkien) was known as the Dark Land
The Harfoots are greatly dismayed a second time, but, on the next day, Largo encourages them all to persevere
- Hariri to step into the election battle with an incomplete list .
1. Derrick Adkins ( U.S. ) 47.93 seconds
ATLANTA AT CHICAGO
The undercut, brass helmet was worn over the headscarf, and featured cheek-and-eye guards, along with two horns from the back and a crest on the front, to remind other beings of dragons, intimidating to the enemy even before the battle began
At Northampton : Sussex 389 and 112 ( C. Ambrose 6-26 ) .
Miss Universe , Venezuela 's Alicia Machado , left New Mexico on Thursday , refusing to answer questions about her weight or claims she was told to either go on a crash diet or give up her title .
Experts believe both India and Pakistan could quickly assemble nuclear weapons .
The Kingdom of Rhovanion was founded by the Northmen and was located in the plains between Mirkwood, to the west, and Dorwinion, to the east
Eventually, Sauron himself was defeated by Elendil and Gil-galad, allowing Isildur to cut the One Ring from Saurons finger and claim it for himself
They said the ERP , whose fighters first appeared wearing military fatigues and brandishing assault rifles in the southwestern state of Guerrero on June 28 , had a 23,000-strong membership , but this could not be confirmed independently .
Sauron soon felt confident that he could make his own superior work, the One Ring
Aluminum : Western grade 3.25-3.75 cents / pound
Examples are the name of the tower at Dol Amroth and the names of the Seven Rivers of Gondor
Baines homered and scored three runs .
2. Colin Montgomerie 442,201
The other preliminary round second leg match , between Mauritania and Benin in Nouakchott , was postponed until Friday .
1. Slight 280 points
He said the absence on holiday of many market makers was a main factor behind falls this week in volatility in high-yielding markets such as Italy , Spain and Sweden .
" Having seen Ravanelli celebrate his goals ...
The Orc army attempted to use a Cave-troll to aid in the battle, but it was convinced by Rogash to aid the Witch-king instead, so it destroyed the troll stone throwers
They are suspicious of him, but they relax when Bilbo reveals his secret weapon: the Arkenstone
Dwarven Guardians are the backbone of any Dwarven army
Elendils sword Narsil broke beneath him
As news of the victory of King Elessar down south reached the Wood-elves, Thranduil (who had recently defeated an army in the Battle Under the Trees) met with Celeborn on April 6
But Helms nephew Fréaláf Hildeson held out against the Dunlendings in the refuge of Dunharrow
While the etymologic origin of Taliska is unknown, contact between the Atanatári, the Elves and the Dwarves before the formers arrival in Beleriand left strong influences on Taliska
1. Sarka Kasparkova ( Czech Republic ) 14.84 metres
Mexico - 1 - Osvaldo Sanchez ( 12 - Alfonso Rios 78th ) ; 13 - Pavel Pardo , 2 - Claudio Suarez , 5 - Duilio Davino ( Becerril 46th ) , 4 - German Villa ( 16 - Gomez 86th ) ; 14 - Joaquin del Olmo , 6 - Raul Rodrigo Lara ( 11 - Cuauhtemoc Blanco 65th ) , 8 - Alberto Garcia Aspe , 7 - Ramon Ramirez ( 15 - Jesus Arellano 71st ) ; 18 - Enrique Alfaro ( 17 - Francisco Palencia 78th ) , 10 - Luis Garcia ( 19 - Ricardo Pelaez 69th ) .
Some information concerning the appendices and a soon-abandoned sequel to the novel can also be found in volume twelve, "The Peoples of Middle-earth"
NUREMBERG , Germany 1996-08-28
3 - Wayne Ferreira ( South Africa ) beat Jiri Novak ( Czech
The Havens of Sirion housed the surviving Sindar of Doriath (after their homeland was sacked), some of the Ñoldor from Nargothrond and Gondolin, and the few surviving Men of the Three Houses of the Edain
Éowyn, sister of Éomer, had ridden to war with the Rohirrim, unknown to any of the men of the Mark, and revealed herself in single combat with the Witch-king
4. Anja Ruecker ( Germany ) 51.61
An Iraqi opposition group in exile said on Saturday it had received reports that Iraqi forces were shelling and advancing on the Kurdish town of Arbil in northern Iraq .
3. Tim Lobinger ( Germany ) 5.50
LONDON 1996-08-27
Village attack kills 38 in eastern Sierra Leone .
2. Van Heeswijk 1 second behind
Flavio Cotti , the chairman of the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe ( OSCE ) , told German radio the Vienna-based body viewed the conflict in Chechnya as an internal Russian problem .
The name "Urfael" is Sindarin, meaning "Fiery Gleaming Brilliance." (prefix: "Ur", meaning "Fire" or "Fiery" and suffix: "Fael" meaning "Gleaming Brilliance".) Acharn was the hilt-piece of Talions son Dirhaels shattered sword, used by Talion as a knife
Said , a U.S. citizen of Palestinian origin , has been an outspoken critic of the 1993 Israeli-PLO self-rule deal and has written at least two books on the accord .
CRICKET - GOOCH TO PLAY ANOTHER SEASON FOR ESSEX .
The names in Early Quenya of the female Vala were Meássë (related to the word "mear", "gore"), Rávi (related to "ravennë", "she-lion"), and Tarkil (deriving from the root "tara-", "to batter", "thud", "beat")
The Houses of Bëor and Marach spoke a very similar language, which would eventually become the Adûnaic tongue of Númenor
After Brady Anderson sacrificed , Palmeiro hit the first pitch into right field for a single , scoring Alomar .
68 Colin Montgomerie
Locked out of the mountain itself and bereft of any other choice, the Dwarvish army turned to face the Orcs, aligned into a crescent-phalanx formation with Dain at its apex and prepared to make its final stand
(In Tolkiens languages the letter "c" was always pronounced /k/.) It is also possible that the word is a Common Tongue Version of orch, the Sindarin word for Orc
The Lord of the Rings tabletop RPG "Middle Earth Roleplaying" by Iron Crown includes skeletons and ghouls among certain other types
A Tolkienist is someone who studies the work of J.R.R. Tolkien; the word usually refers to students of the Elvish languages (see Tolkien research)
Sending their women and children to Brethil in a flight led by Emeldir, the remaining men led by Barahir staged many attacks against the Orcs
7. Hubert Grossard ( Belgium ) 13.65
The director of the SEC 's division of market regulation , Richard Lindsey , said Wall Street firms will probably need to spend about $ 7 million to carry out the improvements called for by the new rules .
Originally an old sand pit used by the locals, the pit became known as the place where the Hobbits buried the dead Ruffians after the Battle of Bywater
In fact, Amrod died during the Burning of the ships at Losgar
After Thingols death she left Doriath, visiting Beren and Lúthien for a time warning them of the Dwarves treachery, and the curse on the Mîms treasure
At the Battle of the Pelennor Fields, the Witch-king of Angmar arrived in battle mounted on a fellbeast
In its heyday, Minas Ithil was described as a beautiful sight, with light filling its inner courts with silver moonlight and causing its walls to gleam silver and white
1. Cathy Freeman ( Australia ) 22.53
According to a magazine article, Peter Jackson hated the Army of the Dead; he thought it was "too unbelievable"
It was later learned that the ship had sunk with Arvedui on board as well as the palantíri of the north
Jose Luis Vidigal scored in the 38th minute and Mustapha Hadji added the third in the 57th .
Fullback Andre Joubert scored the other , scorching in from 40 metres at the start of the second half to add to his three long-range penalties .
Being devoted he had battled for the British Army since
Thousands of Moslem refugees denounced Bosnia 's elections as a farce on Sunday because Serb incomers would be able to vote in their old home town , cementing partition of the country .
10. Gil de Ferran ( Brazil ) , Reynard Honda , 54.774
The rams wolf design is extended, with the whole battering ram carved to resemble a great wolf
At least 13 people were killed when scores of masked rebels struck at police and military posts in Oaxaca and Guerrero states overnight in the biggest assaults in more than two years , officials said on Thursday .
Barrier removed to Brazil CVRD sell-off .
Andrea Gaudenzi ( Italy ) vs. Shuzo Matsuoka ( Japan )
Men became aware of the growing evil in the mountains, but Angmar was still preparing its power
The second was released in in June 2006
I am told that it is terminal and that my life expectancy is one year or less , " a composed Bernardin told a news conference .
The surviving Orcs retreated to the tunnels, allowing the exhausted Elves and Men to claim a pyrrhic victory
Spain at Belgium
2. Bob Kennedy ( U.S. ) 13:06.12
With a reign of only nine years, King Walda has the shortest reign of all the recorded Kings of Rohan
As the Wainriders retreated from battle, they were forced to retreat far to the east, having been defeated and driven from their homes
Isildur rescues Kemen from the ensuing explosion, though two of the five allotted ships are destroyed
Orcrist means "Goblin-cleaver", from "Orc" and the Sindarin "ris" ("to cut")
The previous mark of 26:43.53 was set by Ethiopia 's Haile Gebreselassie in the Dutch town of Hengelo in June last year .
The only Khuzdul line in J.R.R. Tolkiens primary writings is Gimlis battle-cry "Baruk Khazâd! Khazâd ai-mênu!", meaning, "Axes of the Dwarves! The Dwarves are upon you!""." Conceptual history
1972 - At the Olympic Games , U.S. swimmer Mark Spitz won his seventh gold medal , a record for a single Olympiad .
Ministers of the communist government of West Bengal state and people of different religions joined Catholics to pray for Mother Teresa 's recovery at Mother House .
6. Thomas Radstrom ( Sweden ) Toyota Celica 4.09
Unlike Khuzdul and the many Elvish languages, Tolkien based the Taliskan branch of Mannish languages on
Jacob Hlasek ( Switzerland ) beat Nicklas Kulti ( Sweden ) 6-3 6-4
CHICAGO 1996-08-22
Aranrúth was a sword that belonged to Elu Thingol, King of Doriath
H. Tillekeratne lbw b Fleming 1
8. Eric Wymeersch ( Belgium ) 20.84
Suu Kyi said the government had increased its repression tactics on the democracy movement because it feared the growing popularity of the movement .
Gandalf tracked Gollums trail, reaching the borders of Mordor and learning that Sauron is marshaling an army and rebuilding Barad-dûr
The poll indicated a fall in the number of people who believed Dole would be able to fulfil his promise to cut the federal budget deficit and cut income taxes by 15 percent at the same time .
Like the peoples of the Marish, the people of Stock and Rushey were very friendly with the Bucklanders and acknowledged the authority of the Master of the Hall
The clashes , shattering a ceasefire negotiated last year by Washington , had threatened a U.S.-led peace plan to unite the Kurdish region against Iraqi President Saddam Hussein .
In "The Silmarillion", Orodreth is a son of Finarfin, with the Quenya name Artanáro
Starting price at the auction was 2,746 roubles a share and the 40 lots sold for between 2,840 and 2,998 roubles a share , the FFK said in a statement .
In the Years of the Trees the Elves passed through Rhovanion on their Great Journey
And while building their great army of Uruks, they can raid the enemy with their Dunlendings
Zycie Warszawy said the new , open consortium , which also included several listed Polish firms , would on Monday inform Privatisation Minister Wieslaw Kaczmarek of its plans .
Sheffield , who was benched Monday , delivered a double down the left-field line in the first , scoring Luis Castilla and Alex Arias to put the Marlins ahead to stay .
When the Orc army of Minas Morgul led by the Witch-king of Angmar and Lieutenant Gothmog arrive at Minas Tirith in Gondor in March 3019, Murgash, a Black Uruk of Mordor, accompanied Gothmog and Captain Guritz to the front lines of the army just outside Minas Tirith
7. Abel Anton ( Spain ) 28:18.44
A passenger train collided with a locomotive at a main railway station in Linz on Wednesday and police said around 10 people were injured .
According to legends of the Edain, Morgoth visited Men while they were still in Hildórien seeking their allegiance and converted them away from Eru Ilúvatar, and were convinced that Men were made mortal in divine punishment
Stenning , who has previous convictions , is expected to appeal against the sentence .
Well repairs to lift Heidrun oil output - Statoil .
He acknowledged that many Hong Kong people had decided to seek their future elsewhere and others were sure to follow in the next nine months . "
In Anjalonkoski : MyPa-47 ( Finland ) 1 Karabach Agdam
Some time later, Azog sends another group of Ogres to bring down the chariot used by Dwalin, Balin, Fíli and Kíli on their way to Ravenhill
NEW YORK 1996-08-27
Martin Ayres
However Saruman had secretly built a bridge upstream, which would prove critically important in outflanking Rohans defenses
New Zealand lead the three-test series 2-0 .
Once Beleriand sank under the Sea and Doriath with it in FA 587, knowledge of the lembas recipe continued with Galadriel, in Lothlórien, and other Elves
The pact ends five years of hostility after Croatia 's secession from federal Yugoslavia .
They then assaulted the fortress of Formenos, where Melkor slew Finwë and stole Fëanors Silmarils
CHICAGO 1996-08-28
As the dragon Smaug flies out to destroy Lake-town, Olga is among the survivors that escape the destruction while Bard the Bowman, a descendant of Lord Girion who failed to kill Smaug, manages to fire the last Black Arrow at the beast, killing him
LONDON 1996-08-30
Manila international coconut oil prices .
Bree was an ancient settlement of Men in Eriador by the time of the Third Age of Middle-earth, but after the collapse of the North-kingdom, Bree continued to thrive without any central authority or government for many centuries
His rule was largely an uneventful one, as the Dúnedain and other peoples of Eriador were recovering from the Long Winter
Just three years ago Medvedev was one of the world 's best , with a ranking of six after reaching the French Open semifinal and winning three tournaments .
He attended Bilbos Farewell Birthday Party
Their works are presented in Hebrew only but they are pleased to welcome Tolkien fans from all over the world
AMSTERDAM 1996-08-31
The Elves were victorious and the remnants of the Orcish army retreated to Angband, pursued by Fëanor and a small vanguard
1. Charmaine Crooks ( Canada ) two minutes 00.42 seconds
SOCCER - JORGE CALLS UP SIX PORTO PLAYERS FOR WORLD CUP QUALIFIER .
" They will surrender the passengers there and surrender themselves , " police spokesman Glafcos Xenos told reporters at Cyprus 's Larnaca airport .
" Lebed has no diplomatic experience .
Higher spending by foreign visitors and less Canadian tourist spending abroad cut the deficit in Canada 's international travel account by 26.5 percent in the second quarter , Statistics Canada said on Thursday .
In the Fourth Age, King Elessar declared that the men of the forest would have the land to themselves because of their help during the war
The siege, though nearly successful, was broken by the arrival of Théoden and the Battle of the Pelennor Fields
The One Ring is said by many to have been inspired by the ring in the Norse saga of the Völsungs and its later German version, the High Medieval ; however comments by Tolkien make it unclear as to whether it was a reference to the "Völsungasaga"
Voters will be choosing a three-member presidency and a parliament to rule over a loose union of Bosnia , comprised of a Serb republic and a Moslem-Croat federation .
However, the demon proved too much of a challenge for even Zog to tame, shown true by how the Balrog turned upon the acolytes before fleeing to the surface
9. Wolfgang Kotzmann - Franz Stocher ( Austria ) 5
A war between Rohan and the Dunlendings occurred in the late Third Age, during Helm Hammerhands reign
- Parliamentary battle in Beirut ..
Strikers - Kubilay Turkyilmaz ( Grasshoppers ) , Adrian Knup ( Galatasaray ) , Christophe Bonvin ( Sion ) , Stephane Chapuisat ( Borussia Dortmund ) .
Baranor rescued Serka, who, on returning to The Oasis, had Zhója fed to the were-wyrms
It was during Thrórs reign that Smaug descended on Lonely Mountain and drove the Dwarves into exile
BONN 1996-08-27
It is well-known that Tolkien had interest in the mythology and of , specifically the pagan mythologies of the Norse and English peoples
Gilfanon was a Ñoldorin Elf of Tol Eressëa
Mitsubishi driver Makinen stopped experienced fellow Finn Juha Kankkunen in his tracks on the final day of the 1,452-km rally , doubling his lead on the first two decisive stages .
Asked if a supplementary budget for 1996/97 was needed to support the economy , Kubo said the tankan results would not lead to any immediate decision on the need for an extra budget .
SOCCER - U.S. BEAT EL SALVADOR 3-1 .
Eärendil took part in the battle, riding on Vingilot beside Thorondor and the Eagles
Florida cop disguised as shrub nabs bad guys .
" We had 300 Earth First protestors invade and occupy our site .
2. Marie-Jose Perec ( France ) 49.72
LONDON 1996-08-23
The warriors of this House had gilded armour and weapons damascened with well-crafted gold; Glorfindel was described as having armour so embroidered with gold that it was like a field of celandine
Rizzitelli 48th ) Bayer Leverkusen 2 ( Sergio 25th , Feldhoff
7. Takeishi 38:34.999
The Forbidden Pool was a basin of water created by the waterfall that concealed one of the two entrances into Henneth Annûn, the hiding place of the Rangers of Ithilien
When Eradan, Andriel and Farin journeyed through the Barrow-downs, he helped them with repairing their weapons and armor
Clinton proposes an $ 8.4 billion re-election agenda that would spare most home-sellers from capital gains taxes and give employers tax incentives to hire people off the welfare rolls .
NEW YORK 1996-08-30
"Vinyar Tengwar" is Quenya for "News Letters"
Éothain was a Man of Rohan during the War of the Ring, and a member of Éomers éored
The name "Tirharad" appears to be comprised of the Sindarin words "tir", meaning "watch", and "harad", meaning "south"
Lebed , Chechens sign framework political deal .
" That 's where the match sort of changed , " said Edberg . "
"Glorfindel" is simply the Sindarin translation of "Laurefindil", from "glaur" ("golden") and "fîn" or "find" ("lock of hair")
The Silver Wing is used in the "Voyage Across Belegaer, Flight of the Stormcaller, A Storm on Cobas Haven," and "The City of Corsairs" scenario"." In the "City of Corsairs" the Silver Wing, as well as, the other ships of the players fleet are destroyed among the rocks outside of Umbar
The Northmen who dwelt in Greenwood the Great and other parts of Rhovanion were friendly to the Dúnedain, being for the most part their kin, and many of them became subjects of Gondor
Chesterton Institute, in Oxford where Tolkien had been educated
Seiki Okuda ( Japan ) 81 70 72 75
Unknown group kidnaps Dutch couple in Costa Rica .
Eight of the rebels were killed in Van province , five in Sirnak and four in Hakkari .
In "", in the wake of the destruction of Esgaroth from the flames of Smaug and the death of the dragon by the Black Arrow fired by Bard, Legolas returnes to the refugee camp and finds Tauriel
This action was looked upon poorly by Maedhros, but he did not speak his mind to his father, and he simply watched in stony silence as the ships burned
Hamfast means stay-at-home or Home-fast in the Hobbits own language, and the full name is translated into Westron as "Ranugad Galbasi"
Many ships had been lost by this time and not all the Ñoldor could cross to Middle-earth, so Fëanor and his sons seized the remaining swan-ships and burned them, abandoning Fingolfin and his followers (including Galadriel), who were obliged to make their way to Middle-earth across the terrible ice wastes of the Helcaraxë
8. Ivan Garcia ( Cuba ) 20.96
The Black Arrow was Bard the Bowmans last remaining arrow when Smaug attacked Lake-town and, directed by a Thrush who had overheard a conversation between Bilbo Baggins and Smaug, he shot it with remarkable speed into the dragons only weak spot; a small chink in the scales upon its left chest
But Númenórean scholars recorded his Quenya name Tar-Hostamir in the Scroll of Kings so as not to break with tradition
Brazil is likely to turn Sao Paulo state bank Banespa into a federal bank in a prior step to privatization , according to unnamed government sources , O Globo daily said .
Some Men of Gondor used an infusion of Athelas for headaches
Near the Slag Hills, an army led by Aragorn made their stand on March 25, 3019, against the Mordors host in the Battle of the Black Gate
PHNOM PENH 1996-08-30
+1 Fred Couples through 15
PARIS 1996-08-22
Hassan al-Turabi is the leader of the National Islamic Front , the political force behind the Sudanese government .
Scorers : Arkadiusz Bak ( 1st and 55th ) , Arwel Jones ( 47th ,
"Hildor" (meaning followers) was a name given to Men by Elves
During the War of the Ring, Járnsmid was sent as an emissary to attend the Council of Elrond, discussing what it is to be done with the One Ring
SYDNEY 1996-08-23
Frodo asks the men to spare Sméagol if they come across him and identifies himself and Sam as hobbits who traveled out of Rivendell with Boromir and other companions
The witchdoctor said ancestors had appeared to him in a dream and ordered him to return the head , said to have been carried off as a colonial trophy by the officer who shot and allegedly beheaded Hintsa after a battle in 1835 .
Scandal hits Clinton campaign at vital moment .
The period after the first defeat of Glaurung became known as The Long Peace, lasting almost two hundred years
Aegnor was a Ñoldorin Elf, the third son of Finarfin, elder brother of Galadriel, younger brother of Finrod Felagund and Angrod and lord of the Ñoldor of Dorthonion in the First Age
China estimates 35 million Chinese were killed or wounded by invading Japanese troops from 1931 to 1945 .
The werewolfs origins are unknown and it is questionable how the Witch-king or any of his sorcerers could summon it since the Witch-king and the Sorcerers of Angmar, despite being very powerful, were still Men
Aulë reminds her that the children of Ilúvatar (Elves, Men and now Dwarves) will exploit her creations for their own benefit, "though not without respect and gratitude." The defenselessness of her realm moves Yavanna to plead with Manwë: "My heart is anxious, thinking of the days to come
"Aha "- Quenya word for rage
3. Theybers
This causes Melkor to be ashamed which in its turn causes him to become angry
The Shire was also attacked by White Wolves in TA 2911 during the Fell Winter, prompting the use of the Horn-call of Buckland
The Barrowfield, where Rohans kings were entombed, lay outside the main gate
When Bofur returns with the Kingsfoil, Tauriel uses it to tend to Kílis wounds as Fíli, Óin and Bofur watch
Conflict of Arda is a TC (Total Conversion) for it, made by Red Warlord
For two-hundred and eleven years the kingdom advanced, expanded and prospered until Thorin I abandoned it to join his kin in the Grey Mountains in TA 2210
Wijaya Indra ( Indonesia ) beat 5/8 - Pang Chen ( Malaysia ) 15-6
Pinas , showing cuts and bruises on his face , told reporters the former head of the feared Jungle Command had tried and failed to shoot him after Pinas objected to Brunswijk 's advances toward his wife .
10. Paul Lawrie 211,420
The Nárelenya is a ship of the Grey Havens created by Fantasy Flight games for the ""
From time to time other artists have recorded with the band
After rejoining Gandalf and the Dwarves, Bilbo continues his journey with them only to run into Goblins and Wargs
It was also Williams ' first win in three career decisions against San Francisco .
Gore ridiculed Dole 's defense of the tobacco industry , praised Clinton for " courage " in advancing regulations of it .
An uneasy ceasefire has prevailed in Nagorno-Karabakh , which represents around 20 percent of Azeri territory , since May 1994 after ethnic Armenians drove Azeris out of the region .
Morgoth resolved to break this defence, and sent another army seven years after the Dagor Bragollach to overcome Fingons forces
Most notably, they rebuilt the Great Gate of Minas Tirith with a new one made of mithril and steel, as well as improving upon the existing layout of the entire city
Yet upon his flight from Valinor after destroying the light of the Two Trees, Melkor stole the Silmarils and sparked the Oath of Fëanor (who renamed Melkor Morgoth) and after many years the Valar embarked on the War of Wrath, which ended the First Age
She carries Frodo on her horse and is chased by the Nine; at the Ford she summons the flood, invoking the waters from the Misty Mountains in the Quenya tongue
He was caught by police trying to force his way into a home in the rural New Territories , a police spokesman said .
Arthedain is a Sindarin word meaning Realm of the Edain
Results from the U.S. Open Tennis Championships at the National Tennis Centre on Saturday ( prefix number denotes seeding ) :
It was also the location of the village of Long Cleeve, which lay on the edge of the moors
The Batajnica airport will take over complete air traffic control during this period , Federal Air Traffic Control Administration Director Branko Bilbija said .
Watts said the cost of protesting can be heavy once the company is locked into a contract .
Thus saved, Morgoth rebuilt Angband, reared the mountains of Thangorodrim, marshaled armies of Orcs, and set the Silmarils in an Iron Crown for himself
" I still feel it 's embarrassing what happened and I was about to pull out yesterday and say , ' That 's it , ' " said Stich , one of a host of men who cried foul over seeding procedures that forced an unprecedented remaking of the men 's draw last week .
CRICKET - ENGLAND 326 ALL OUT V PAKISTAN IN THIRD TEST .
CHICAGO AT ATLANTA
Thirteen senior police officers from the fraud squad of Buenos Aires province have been arrested on charges of running an extortion racket , security officials said on Thursday .
At Florida , Kevin Brown scattered seven hits over eight innings and Kurt Abbott snapped a sixth-inning tie with a two-run double as the Florida Marlins defeated the tired Cincinnati Reds 5-3 .
Lightfoot was a horse of Rohan
Tan Fook ( Malaysia ) 15-5 15-3
The U.S. 30-year benchmark fell 30/32 to yield 7.12 percent .
Werder Bremen 1 ( Schulz 31st ) Borussia Moenchengladbach 0 .
After the Battle of Dale, the Easterlings did not trouble Dale in the future
However, after the abandonment the excavation of mithril ore stopped entirely, it became priceless, as the presence of the Balrog prevented the Orcs in Moria from mining for it
Itar-Tass news agency quoted the Kremlin press service as saying Yeltsin , who left for a state holiday home near Moscow on Monday , would hold no working meetings on Tuesday .
Angrim was a Sindarin word that meant Iron Host
The newspaper said Netanyahu , who is cool to meeting Arafat himself , opposed talks between Weizman and the Palestinian president .
Umbars fleet was largely destroyed 29 years later, when Thorongil (Aragorn, as it later turned out) in the service of the Steward of Gondor Ecthelion II led a taskforce south and burned the ships and docks, killing the Captain of the Haven in the process
Conte seized power in 1984 after the death of veteran Marxist leader Ahmed Sekou Toure .
With Agandaûrs death, Saurons forces in the North are vanquished, and Angmar is all but destroyed
RTRS - Melbourne train collides with truck , 15 injured .
SARAJEVO 1996-08-29
He opposed Oromës plan to bring the Elves to Aman, but helped those that were willing to reach it
Former Argentine benevolent dictator Alejandro Lanusse dies .
Linda Wild ( U.S. ) beat Kristie Boogert ( Netherlands ) 5-7 6-3 6-3
Its name in Westron was Mickleburg", " and the Khuzdul name for it was Gabilgathol
The Iron Mountains were known as the "Ered Engrin" in Sindarin which meant Mountains of Iron
The works of J.R.R. Tolkien have generated a body of academic research, studying different facets such as Invented languages. Tolkiens invented languages, especially Quenya and Sindarin the languages of Elves, have created research in the form of academic newsletters and journals, such as the Vinyar Tengwar published by the Elvish Linguistic Fellowship
We learn from the text in the ring and its translation that the Black Speech is a strongly
In the later years of the Second Age, he and his men also served and worshiped Sauron, until he and his army swore allegiance to the realm of Gondor upon the Stone of Erech
Dutroux , 39 , who was charged last week with the abduction and illegal imprisonment of two girls aged 14 and 12 , is also suspected in the disappearance of Belgians An Marchal , 19 , and Eefje Lambrecks , 17 , who went missing a year ago .
Stefan Edberg ( Sweden ) vs. 5 - Richard Krajicek ( Netherlands )
This all brought about the exile of the Ñoldorin Elves from Valinor, the creation and first risings of the Sun and Moon to light the world, and the Awakening of Men far away in Hildórien
When the Stoors later moved to the Shire, they quickly adopted Hobbitish
Russian President Boris Yeltsin visited his wife Naina in hospital on Friday evening , Interfax news agency quoted spokesman Sergei Yastrzhembsky as saying .
39. Italy 7.85
Believing that the Teleri had been the aggressors, perhaps even on the orders of the Valar themselves, Fingolfins host came to the aid of his brothers and the Teleri were overcome
4. Mary Onyali ( Nigeria ) 11.09
In New York , Steve Finley 's three-run homer capped a four-run eighth inning and gave the San Diego Padres a 4-3 victory over New York , spoiling Bobby Valentine 's debut as Mets ' manager .
He rides a white war horse, trained by the serpent guard, plated in fine gold armour
Quigley ( USA ) 3:42.852
Revenue from transport ( Dm million ) 820 up 2 pct
The Faithful were also called Elendili, which means Elf-friends in Quenya
Individuals may vary in size; for example, ones mounted by Nazgûl that wear similar armors to Fellbeasts mounted by Nazgûl are considerably larger than individuals mounted by Talion and Celebrimbor
The king is crushed beneath his horse, and is about to be eaten by the Witch-kings Fellbeast when Éowyn intervenes
The result was that places that were settled by Stoors developed slight linguistic oddities due to their time of separation and contact with the Dunlendings
Namibia 6 Botswana 0
BAGHDAD 1996-08-31
Saruman used this army to attack the people of Rohan, most notably at the Battle of the Hornburg
CYCLING - SORENSEN WINS FOURTH STAGE OF TOUR OF NETHERLANDS .
It was said that the fate of Arda was woven about the Silmarils
Andrew Gray
Israeli President Ezer Weizman , weighing a possible meeting with Yasser Arafat , consulted on Sunday with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , a spokesman said .
In alliance with the rebel lord Wulf the Dunlendings were able to almost completely overrun Rohan during the Long Winter of TA 2758–9, remaining in control of the West-march for over a century.At some point near the end of the thirtieth century of the Third Age, Saruman made contact with them and swayed them to his side by playing on their resentment and hatred of those who had taken what was theirs
It contains images of many original manuscripts, and of Tolkiens original Tengwar and Cirth calligraphy
St Kilda 9 .
Nathalie Tauziat ( France ) beat Angelica Gavaldon ( Mexico ) 7-6 ( 7-4 ) 6-2
Mandsaur 10 Yellow 12,600-12,750 12,700-12,850
As the Wainriders prepared for war, Gondors king Calimehtar pre-emptively sent a great host against them from out of North Ithilien
Harvest was also progressing well in parts of North Dakota , but one dealer there said new crop movement remained limited to a steady trickle . "
Buhrdur was said to be born in the darkest depths of the Misty Mountains caves
The Algerian ambassador in London has also asked for clarification from the Foreign Office over the meeting of Islamist groups .
Berlin ( total ) 17,844 up 5.9 pct
4 - Marcelo Rios ( Chile ) beat Patrick Rafter ( Australia ) 0-6
This was because their pre-war homes are now in the Serb-controlled territory , so they were voting for the national assembly of the Republika Srbska , most of the candidates for which are Serbs .
" If there are any more instances of death in custody it will be further proof that a prison sentence for political prisoners is sometimes almost the same as a death sentence , " Suu Kyi said .
Arch owns a 16 percent working interest in this well with most of the rest held by the privately owned operator .
MILWAUKEE 60 68 .469 16 1/2
Dole said former first lady Nancy Reagan was laughed at with her " just say no " anti-drug message . "
Iraq on Wednesday said the hijackers of a Sudanese airliner were not Iraqi diplomats and added that " noble Iraqis " would never contemplate such an action .
OAKLAND AT NEW YORK
After the victory Túrin paid King Folcwine a great weregild of gold
Aragorn becomes entangled with the harness of a Warg and is dragged off the side of a cliff. Upon arrival at Helms Deep, the Rohirrim begin belated siege preparations, during which Aragorn, found by the horse Brego, arrives with news of 10,000 Uruk-hai coming from Isengard, news which leads Théoden to order conscription of mature boys and old men for the impending battle
He was killed fighting Morgul Orcs over Frodos Mithril-shirt
Chinese police have detained veteran dissident Wang Donghai , the New York-based pressure group Human Rights in China said on Saturday .
" You only have to see them in action at protests , " said David Harding , spokesman at ARC , Hanson 's aggregates company . "
The ministry said Levy and Kinkel would discuss the Middle East process and German-Israeli relations at their meeting on September 9 .
The Elves, on Aragorns command, charged straight into a wall of Uruk-hai pikes
MILAN 1996-08-25
Omaha billionaire Warren Buffett said Friday he raised his stake in Property Capital Trust to 8.0 percent from 6.7 percent .
Iran agents stormed German diplomat 's home -- Bonn .
Both Dwarves and Men later reused the runes adapting them to their respective languages
The spokesman said Ekeus , chairman of the United Nations Special Commission ( UNSCOM ) , would spend two or three days in Iraq but declined to give further details .
Somerset 298-6 ( M. Lathwell 85 , R. Harden 65 ) .
The star on his forehead protected him from the evils threatening mortals in that land, and the Folk called him Starbrow and told him about their land and its hidden beauties and dangers
Uglúk was soon overtaken by Éomer, who dismounted, dueled, and slew him
Many Rohirric names appear to be derived from Old English words
" Indian fishermen come right up to Pesalai to fish , and when refugees request them to ferry them across , they readily oblige .
Durham 326 ( D. Cox 95 not out , S. Campbell 69 ; G. Rose 7-73 ) .
North Korea demanded on Saturday that South Korea return a northern war veteran who has been in the South since the 1950-53 war , Seoul 's unification ministry said .
The dark servant of Sauron has unleashed an immense army of Orcs, Uruk-hai, Goblins, Olog-hai and Men of Carn Dum
Sweden beat Latvia 2-0 ( halftime 0-0 ) in a European under-21 soccer championship qualifier on Saturday .
J.R.R. Tolkien may have based the marchwardens from the real-life Lord Warden of the Marches of England
The Riders arrived just in time to assist the army of Gondor at the Battle of the Field of Celebrant, and after defeating the enemy, Cirion asked the Éothéod to watch over the depopulated province of Calenardhon, a plain far away from Éothéod in the south near the White Mountains
Astrid was forced to flee from her home in the Southlands of Middle-earth when a force of Orcs attacked, and came to be on a ship that was destroyed by a sea-serpent
Orcs also had an instinctive fear of these weapons and hated any who carried them
Former England manager Bobby Robson enjoyed his first success in charge of Barcelona as his team weathered 90 minutes of non-stop Atletico Madrid pressure to win the Spanish Super Cup 6-5 on aggregate on Wednesday .
The Grey Mountains were created during the fall of the Two Lamps as one of seven mountain ranges created
Overseas , London 's FTSE 100 index had earlier climbed to 3,8921.1 just below its record of 3,922.1 , before edging down through the afternoon session to finish the day at 3,885.0 , a fall of 33.7 points .
There they stayed apart from other mortals; Beren was involved with the events of the First Age only one further time, when he waylaid a group of Dwarves who had sacked Menegroth and stolen the Nauglamír (and the Silmaril with it)
The greatest increase was in the East North Central region .
He said Turkey considered Jordan a suitable country with which to cooperate on Middle East matters .
On Monday , both houses of India 's parliament wished the nation 's adopted sister a happy birthday and speedy recovery from her illness .
CYCLING - VAN HEESWIJK WINS SECOND STAGE OF TOUR OF NETHERLANDS .
Crowds anxiously wait for his appearances , thrusting out hands for him to grip as they scream " 12 more years " -- a wishful hope to eight years of Gore after a Clinton re-election .
CRICKET - ENGLAND V PAKISTAN ONE-DAY SCOREBOARD .
In Boston , former Mariner Darren Bragg 's first career grand slam in the sixth inning off reliever Randy Johnson lifted the Boston Red Sox to their fifth win in six games , a 9-5 victory over Seattle .
Thingol recalled as many of his people he could into Neldoreth and Region, and Melian put forth her power, ringing the region in a girdle of enchantment called the Girdle of Melian
While the Lonely Mountain is under siege by a combined force of Mirkwood Elves and Men from the recently-destroyed Lake-town, Dain arrives at the head of an army of Dwarves from the Iron Hills
In Houston , Jeff Bagwell homered and Donne Wall allowed one run over seven innings as the Houston Astros defeated the St. Louis Cardinals 4-1 .
U.S. marine biologists have trained a pair of sea lions to tag and photograph elusive whales as they cruise through the Pacific depths , New Scientist magazine reported on Thursday .
Hanstovánen was where Mornië took sail into to the land of Avralin, east of the Pelóri after the souls of Men were judged
Human rights lawyer Brian Currin said the hearings last week were not intended as a form of confessional and that those who personally committed crimes during apartheid would testify only before a separate arm of the commission , the amnesty committee .
They did wed on March 22, 1916, however then in May Tolkien went off to the savagery of the Somme
So terrible was his voice when commanding the drawing of the swords and the killings, which followed, that his name became a terror among the enemy and a Warcry to the Eldar
While the Dwarves are mining, the Arkenstone is discovered, which Thrór proclaims the Kings Jewel, while forging a golden statue in his likeness
-- Bob Janis 312-983-7347--
Elrond goes and meets Celebrimbor at Ost-in-Edhil, capital of Eregion, and marvels at the hammer of Fëanor had used to create the Silmarils
Sauron created the Black Speech to be the unifying language of all the servants of Mordor, used along with different varieties of Orkish and other languages used by his servants
As a result he banned all the Ñoldor (except his kin in the house of Finarfin) from entering Doriath, decreeing also that the Ñoldorin tongue could no longer be spoken within his realm
Grond may refer to: Iron Crown Enterprises is a formerly active game manufacturer and publishing company in the United States
Many Tolkien scholars also identify the Witch-king as one of the three Black Númenóreans who Tolkien stated had become Nazgûl; in particularly, many theorize that Isilmo, a Númenórean prince and father of Tar-Minastir, could possibly be the man who became the Witch-king of Angmar
The average family earns 160-200 million karbovanets a year ( $ 800 - $ 1,000 ) -- but many have not been paid in months , Soprun said . "
On Smaugs arrival, Bard shot the Black Arrow at the bare spot, killing Smaug and sending him to rot at the bottom of the lake, but destroying most of Lake-town
Pre-electoral bickering flared on Wednesday in the troubled western Mexican state of Guerrero as some opposition politicians demanded the army pull out of the area ahead of an upcoming state poll .
WASHINGTON 1996-08-28
JERUSALEM 1996-08-25
Thomas Johansson ( Sweden ) beat Renzo Furlan ( Italy ) 4-6 2-6 7-5
"Cormarë "- Quenya word meaning Ring-day
Speculation mounted last week that Lebed was operating out on a limb in Chechnya as Yeltsin , hardly seen since his reelection last month , kept out of sight and then gave an interview criticising his envoy just as he clinched a truce .
Conversion : Boeta Wessels .
MINNESOTA AT TORONTO
Calaquendi - Cave-trolls - Crebain - Children of Ilúvatar - Corsairs of Umbar D
Haladin language, instead, was the common ancestor of the languages of the Lossoth of Forochel and of the so-called Hill-men and it was strictly related to Drúedainic
Gandalf continued to use Glamdring through the events of the War of the Ring
From Hadorian language descended the languages of Northmen of Rhovanion (like Rohirric and Dalish)
4. Lee Westwood 301,972
Saruman spoke against this, having fallen into corruption and was actively searching for the One Ring in the Gladden Fields by then
Kankkunen was runner-up in his Toyota as Finland 's Jarmo Kytolehto produced a remarkable drive to finish third in his Ford .
Standings ( tabulate under played , won , drawn , lost , goals
" There will be fluctuations in individual years , but it wo n't be a big margin , " he said .
His mother-name is Ardamírë "Arda-jewel", from the Quenya "mírë" ("jewel")
Edhelion-Dourhands War was a conflict between the Dourhands Dwarf clan and the Elves of the Refuge of Edhelion
May 15 v Duke of Norfolk 's XI ( at Arundel )
Saeed Anwar c Croft b Cork 176
They had an overwhelming lust for treasure, especially gold, and were known for sleeping on hoards of all they had stolen
Palestinians want East Jerusalem as capital of a future state .
Vidadi Rzayev ( 28th )
The buildings that Dunlendings lived and worked in were crude shacks of wood and animal skin that were often sabotaged by Wargs and sometimes the Rohirrim
" With high-yielding markets Italy will be a lot more vulnerable in September on economic and political fronts , so I would use current the low level of vol to buy options .
However the Ring wanted to return to the Dark Lord, and so it slipped off of Celebrimbors finger and onto Saurons, breaking Celebrimbors control over his Orc army
70 66 67 , Des Smyth ( Ireland ) 66 69 68 , Paul Lawrie
The Dwarves of the Lonely Mountain and the Men of Dale declined the offering of alliance that Saurons emissaries brought to them, seeking knowledge of the Shire
10. Rubens Barrichello ( Brazil ) Jordan 1:55.645
Arafat called the four-hour strike , which ended at noon ( 0900 GMT ) to protest against Israeli policy on settlements and Jerusalem .
In a filing with the Securities and Exchnage Commission , Buffett said he bought 62,900 additional common shares of the Boston-based real estate investment trust at prices ranging from $ 7.65 to $ 8.02 a share .
Elrond chose to be of the Firstborn while Elros chose to be counted among the Men and became the first King of Númenor
9. Yoshikawa 108
His son Elendil, the last Lord of Andúnië, did not join Ar-Pharazôns Great Armament to attack Valinor, and instead fled with his sons Isildur and Anárion and the remaining Faithful in Nine great ships to Middle-earth, where they founded the lines of the Kings of Gondor and Arnor
It sponsored last week 's U.N. Security Council resolution threatening a ban on Sudanese flights abroad if Khartoum does not hand over three men accused in the Addis Ababa incident .
Syria and Arabs have been dismayed by Netanyahu 's refusal to trade the occupied Arab lands for peace , his support for the expansion of settlements and his insistance on Jerusalem as a unifed capital for Israel .
leaving Gencor clearly structured along commodity lines , " Gilbertson said .
Aamir Sohail c Cork b Croft 46
Mitchell also beat world and Olympic champion Bailey at the most lucrative meeting in the sport in Zurich last week .
In earlier versions, since Orodreth was described as the son of Angrod, it held true then that together with Turgons daughter Idril and Curufins son Celebrimbor, he was one of the three members of the Ñoldorin royal family in the third generation to come into exile
The armies of Angmar clashed with those of the Elves and the Elves seemed to be defeated for a while until Glorfindel and Elrond arrived with the main army
Morwen Steelsheen, a daughter of that family, married Thengel of Rohan
The outlaws did not accept this, and a bitter battle was fought at Menegroth, leading to the death of all of them, and further cursing the gold
They read Tolkiens books to each other sometimes in his invented languages
When Aragorn summons the Army of the Dead, he is among those killed in the onslaught
L.O. : Steptoe & Johnson , Clarksburg
(Likely under the assumption that if he dies in Gondor, Éomer will be dead with him.) Various languages are used in J.R.R. Tolkiens writings about Middle-earth, including "The Hobbit", "The Lord of the Rings" trilogy, and "The Silmarillion"
8 - Jim Courier ( U.S. ) vs. Javier Sanchez ( Spain )
However, Aragorn is reluctant to lead the ring anywhere near Minas Tirith, as he does not trust Denethor and his men
Dissident Khmer Rouge leader Ieng Sary confirmed on Wednesday that he had broken with Pol Pot and other hardliners of the guerrilla group and had formed a rival movement .
Caen 1 ( Bancarel 70th ) Lyon 1 ( Caveglia 89th ) .
This reflects the fact that Glamdring did not glow in the films as well
The events of the Battle of Five Armies made Thranduil aware of his errors and that his grief over his wifes death and his obsession with the White Gems of Lasgalen had blinded him, and from this moment on he became more humble
Gold was an extremely valuable mineral in Middle-earth
2. Michael Andretti ( U.S. ) , Lola Ford Cosworth , 54.483
Grond - The Hammer of the Underworld is the twenty-ninth soundtrack of the Complete Recordings of ""
6. Camerlengo
Kate Michelman , president of the National Abortion Rights Action League , described how she had an abortion at a time when the procedure was illegal after her husband abandoned her with three young children .
Its service is being introduced in selected markets across the United States .
Gold closed down at $ 387.00 / $ 387.50 an ounce in Hong Kong on Friday , versus New York 's $ 387.60 / $ 388 finish on Thursday .
In "The Hobbit", Thorin tells Bilbo that men built “the merry town of Dale” during the time when his grandfather Thrór was King under the Mountain, soon after TA 2590
EU leaders agreed at a summit in June to a progressive lifting of the ban as Britain takes parallel measures to eradicate the disease .
During the War of the Ring, an army of Orcs from Dol Guldur unsuccessful in their invasion of Lórien were surprised by an attack of Ents led by Treebeard in the Wold, and were defeated
- 3 Steve Stricker through 3
Later, Kings of Gondor only chose their stewards from among Húrins descendants, and eventually the Stewardship of Gondor became a hereditary position with all those holding the title organizing themselves into the House of Húrin
Before both sides suffered casualties, they are interrupted by the Were-worms bursting out of the ground and leaving behind five gaping holes
The later parts of the "Quenta Silmarillion" include two stories dealing with individuals and with the relations between Men and Elves
Turkey says 25 Kurd rebels killed in clashes .
President Lansana Conte appointed Toure , a former senior civil servant in Ivory Coast , last month to clean up the administration and reform the economy following February 's bloody army revolt .
Tolkien wrote the story of the fall of the city in 1917 and never fully revised it, and Balcmeg does not appear in the published Silmarillion, although he was obviously of some importance, for only three Orcs out of many that Tuor slew in Gondolin were named
It mainly concerns the life of Isildur after the fall of Sauron in the War of the Last Alliance, his decision to keep the One Ring, his eventual departure from Gondor to Arnor, the death of most of his company in the Gladden Fields, and the loss of the One Ring
The creature belonged to a group of ancient beasts, discovered by Sauron and fed with foul meats
After an ambush, Túrin was taken alive and Beleg was left for dead
2. Michelle Freeman ( Jamaica ) 12.77
It was where Bilbo Baggins found the One Ring by chance, which Gollum owned, and took it
It fires me up , makes me play my best tennis , " Tarango said .
Sharpe repaid a huge slice of the 4.5 million pound ( $ 6.98 million ) fee Leeds handed Manchester United for his services with a top-draw second-half goal to hand Wimbledon their third successive defeat .
Aranrúth means "Kings Ire", from the Sindarin "aran" ("king") and "rûth" ("anger")
The Moria Orcs and Gundabad Orcs who roamed the lands east of the Misty Mountains were among those recruited by Azog, as they were known to be particularly aggressive Orcs
Jones Medical Industries Inc said Friday it completed the acquisition of Daniels Pharmaceuticals Inc of St. Petersburg , Fla. , for about 2,960,000 shares of Jones common stock .
During Bilbos quest to the Lonely Mountain, trolls were known to speak with thick accents, specifically three Hill-trolls who had dwelt on the Ettenmoors and moved down to the Trollshaws . They turned to stone when exposed to sunlight, for stone, as told in "The Hobbit", is what trolls were originally made of
But at the Tower of Cirith Ungol hundreds of them were killed by their own Mordor Orc brethren over Frodos mithril shirt, including Gorbag, one of their leaders
" I would like to thank the Eagles organisation and the wonderful fans of Philadelphia for supporting me throughout my career , " Cunningham said .
AJACCIO , Corsica 1996-08-29
The Sun and the Moon, the Long Peace and the Coming of Men
He added that former hardline apartheid president P.W. Botha could be among those called .
1995 - The Fourth World Conference on Women , the biggest U.N. gathering in history , began in China 's Great Hall of the People with a U.N. declaration that sexual equality was the last great project of the 20th century .
Celeborns native tongue was originally Lemberin, but was later changed to Telerin
Man-of-the-Match : Sanath Jayasuriya
5. Gennadi Markov ( Russia ) 16.66
He sued for peace and pardon, but he was bound again with the old chain Angainor and the two Silmarils still in his possession were taken by the Maia Eönwë, the herald of Manwë
The Princes of Belfalas was a noble title among the Men of Gondor
One of them negotiated through the pilot in English .
Bootleg brew kills 35 in China , police nab suspects .
The Sceptre was taken by Ar-Pharazôn on the Great Armament and buried with him in the Caves of the Forgotten
Among many other Harfoots, Druda is commemorated by Sadoc Burrows in the episode "Adar", the evening before the Harfoots migration to "the Grove"
Merry and Pippin leaned against his trunk and fell asleep, while Frodo sat on a root to dangle his feet in the water, before also falling asleep
Shr ( H.K. cents ) 65.61 vs 63.87
After the Nírnaeth, relations between the Elves and Dwarves cooled: Dwarves of Nogrod slew Thingol and stole the Nauglamír, and after this time enmity and mistrust grew between the two peoples
Dredging group Koninklijke Boskalis Westminster NV said on Friday it expected higher turnover and profits for the second half of 1996 ( corrects from the full year 1996 ) .
"Fíriel" is a Quenya name meaning mortal woman
1. Astrid Kumbernuss ( Germany ) 19.89 metres
Benetton ( Italy ) 92 Dinamo ( Russia ) 81 ( halftime 50-28 )
Ironically , PSG 's victory owed a lot to two former Nantes players , striker Patrice Loko , who scored on a brilliant shot in the 33rd minute , and defender Benoit Cauet , who started the one-two which allowed Loko to score .
70 Tim Herron , Duffy Waldorf , Davis Love , Anders Forsbrand
During his final battle with Thorin, he also abandoned his usual mace in favour of what appeared to be a large brick on a chain, perhaps salvaged from the decrepit towers of Ravenhill
In Peter Jacksons "", Galadriel and Celeborn persuaded Elrond that the Men of Rohan, and the race of Men in general, should not be abandoned in their hour of need
We found it wise to take some time between the commitment to start and the actual start , " EOE spokesman Lex van Drooge told Reuters .
Most, if not all of these forest-dwellers subsequently "welcomed Sauron and hoped for his victory over the Men of the Sea", but they were to be disappointed - and permanently trapped - by Saurons burning of much of the rest of the surviving forest, and final defeat, in SA 1701
When they agreed to serve, the Witch-king rewarded Morgomir by naming him Commander of the Black Númenóreans
Germany take the bronze medal as fastest losing semifinalist .
N'DJAMENA 1996-08-30
LONDON 1996-08-25
Frodo and Sam reach Mount Doom and the Cracks of Doom, while Gollum tries to keep Frodo from destroying the One Ring and to take it for himself
Later in chapter 8, it was said that jewel-makers caught their inspiration from the stars and "..."not least did they love Morwinyon of the west, whose name meaneth the glint at dusk."" In the commentary in this chapter, Christopher Tolkien notes that Morwinyon was identified in both the Quenya and Gnomish word-lists as Arcturus
Thorin regards the treasure as his inheritance and plans to fight for it, regardless of what the people of Lake-town have suffered
The only goal of the match also brought some relief for under-fire Leeds manager Howard Wilkinson following the team 's poor start to the season .
Inside, Elessars men found many treasures that Saruman had conned off of King Théoden
3. Brian Wellman ( Bermuda ) 17.05
Mehrtens missed three further penalties and a conversion in the first 40 minutes which could have put his side ahead , but it was the Springboks who looked the more dangerous .
England were all out for 326 in their first innings on the second day of the third and final test against Pakistan at The Oval on Friday .
Eventually, Theo, son of Bronwyn, discovered and stole the sword-hilt
" Once it arrives in Yingkou , it is subject to monitoring by the State Planning Commission , which has to give permission for any more movement ; it is out of the hands of traders , " he said .
1. Svetlana Masterkova ( Russia ) four minutes 6.87 seconds
Featherstone , a former Britain captain , has accepted a coaching position with a women 's team in Ireland .
Isildur is assumed to be killed by a falling roof, of a building he and Valandil had been rescuing others from
Fortunately for them, the secret of Gondolin was preserved at that battle thanks to the bravery of the Men of Dor-lómin
It is derived from Old English, and most of its known words are similar: Tolkien created Rohirric to linguistically be to Westron (the common tongue), as Old English is to Modern English
As part of his new businesslike approach , Medvedev hired Australian coach Bob Brett at the start of this year and the partnership is beginning to pay off .
During Húrins imprisonment by Morgoth in the First Age, he defied the Dark Lord by saying that he was and never would be the Lord of Men even if the whole of "Arda and Menel" were to fall to him
Benfica dominated the game but their lack of a first-class striker was apparent throughout and in the 30th minute they lost key Brazilian midfielder Valdo who suffered a light knee injury .
Thorin is not seen using Orcrist until Mirkwood, where he uses it to slay many spiders, until Mirkwood Elves capture them
Dutch coach Guus Hiddink called in Feyenoord midfielder Giovanni van Bronckhorst and Vitesse defender Ferdy Vierklau for Cocu and Veldman , but did not name a replacement for midfielder Witschge .
At the Cottage of Lost Play, Ilfiniol suggests that Gilfanon tell to the folk gathered the tale of the Nauglafring, and Gilfanon does so
Sydney Australian All-Ordinaries index -- 2,340.6 ( Feb 3/94 )
He sends Orcs and wargs which constantly assail the pair in Eregion but the Isengarders are no match for the devastating combination of Berethor and Idrial
A Knife in the Dark is the seventh track of the Original Motion Picture Soundtrack of , by Howard Shore
Mats Wilander ( Sweden ) vs. Tim Henman ( Britain )
Morgoth betrayed his servants the Easterlings and trapped them in Hithlum under penalty of death, denying them the fertile lands of Beleriand
Romania - Viorel Moldovan ( 21st minute ) , Dan Petrescu ( 65th ) , Constantin Galca ( 77th )
In the early Fourth Age, the "ruined town" was probably rebuilt and resettled at last by King Elessar, and repopulated by Men of the Reunited Kingdom
Gajdos said the police sketch of the suspected murderer was " 60 percent identical with Dutroux 's portrait " , and that Dutroux was known to have been in Topolcany around the time of the woman 's murder .
The Drúedain, also known as Woses, Wild Men of the Woods, or Púkel-men, were a strange breed of Men that lived in the Drúadan Forest and Drúwaith Iaur by the late Third Age
In a limit order , investors specify the price at which they are willing to buy or sell , as opposed to a market order executed at prevailing prices .
6. Van Doorn 176
Glaurung the dragon was sent out from Angband with an army of Orcs to capture the city
As with all the Elves of Aman, they lived in peace and prosperity until the release of Melkor, the murder of Finwë and the theft of the Silmarils that led to the Exile of the Ñoldor
4. Andi Kanstinger ( Germany ) Honda
Norway , England and Sweden were rewarded for their fair play on Thursday with an additional place in the 1997-98 UEFA Cup competition .
Opposition group says Iraqis advance in north Iraq .
Games Workshop created Isengard Trolls in their own fashion
Halbrand offered to return the crest, but Tamar ignored his request for civility and began to physically assault Halbrand, who violently attacked the four men and left them severely injured, though this resulted in his own arrest and imprisonment
The freelance photographer was branded a stalker by Diana , whose divorce from heir-to-the-throne Prince Charles is due to become final next week , after persistently trailing her on his motorcycle .
PARIS 1996-08-23
Nona wishes to bring vengeance on those of her people who sided with the wizard and Horn follows her while the player and Corudan turn south towards Helms Deep
However, shortly before the publication of "The Lord of the Rings" Tolkien created from the early stages of his Welsh-like language the Sindarin, while the Ñoldor should have speak a dialect of Quenya
Soyoil refined fell by 200 rupees on weak undertone .
Eradan and his companions also bring to Elrond a scroll they found in Fornost made by a group of dark sorcerers called The Cult of the Lidless Eye, which contain writings of the Black Speech
In Ost-in-Edhil, he soon recovers from his injury and while looking for Galadriel he discovers Celebrimbors forge, wherein he meets the Master-smith himself and learns of the mithril fragment
SAN JOSE , Costa Rica 1996-08-26
O.J. Simpson hints at more supporting evidence .
Húrin (sometimes named Húrin the Tall) was a man of Gondor during the events of the War of the Ring
Begun by Bill Welden long after the last "ELFcon", these conferences have taken place throughout Europe (except for the seventh), typically lasting four days
Instead of the latter title "the Dúnadan", Quenya Tarkil ("Noble Man") was first used, synonym with Númenórean. Tolkien hesitated for some time about Trotters "real" name
The dominant languages during this time were Sindarin and Quenya but later there were also mannish speeches as well
Puerto Rico girl has surgery for hairy face .
The Ajax defender , who led the Netherlands into the quarter-finals at June 's European championship finals in England , had decided to devote his attention to playing for his Amsterdam club , Endt said .
Zenith also said it planned to build a new $ 100 million plant in Woodridge , Ill .
The White Council was formed in TA 2463, shortly after the end of the Watchful Peace
Austria and Scotland drew 0-0 in a World Cup soccer European group four qualifier on Saturday .
Among the latter were gun control advocate Sarah Brady and actor Christopher Reeve and the politicians included Rep .
Not least of all, the Rings of Power and the Silmarils themselves are magical
The Republic of Ireland beat Liechtenstein 5-0 ( halftime 4-0 ) in a World Cup soccer European group 8 qualifier on Saturday .
Casey told a news conference in Chicago on Tuesday he had asked to speak again this year but was turned down .
He even feels disgust for Common Speech, since although he understands it he never uses it, even speaking to those who do not speak Orkish
Petr Korda ( Czech Republic ) beat 12 - Francisco Clavet ( Spain )
He became king at the age of forty-six when his father died in TA 2798
An Englishmans relations with working men was as unite with "Feudalism" as high rises needed to wigwams. Tolkien told the American that his "Oxford articulation" was not "constrained" but rather a working class creation
Bosnia 's ruling Moslem nationalist party on Friday called on its refugee voters to end a boycott of absentee balloting in national elections , citing assurances provided by a U.S. envoy , government radio said .
Although officials decline to say just what each day 's " news " will be , the intent is to put a focus on Clinton himself and not just those attending the party 's convention .
His claws are razor-sharp, and he has a crown-like array of horns and spines on his head, which extends down his neck and back
which was a Sindarin word that meant Hair- ?
It is Ori who chronicles much of the journey through The Wild to the shores of the Long Lake and the slopes of The Lonely Mountain
It also represented the Iron Hills in a deleted scene of ""
Last year 's Wimbledon junior champion , Aleksandra Olsza of Poland , removed another seed from the draw by eliminating number 12 Magdalena Maleeva of Bulgaria 6-4 6-2 .
Originally called Aiwendil (Quenya: "Friend to birds"), Radagast was a Maia created from before Time who descended to Arda in order to serve the Valar
Gimli may refer to: Gimli was a blind, elderly Ñoldor Elf in the First Age
PRESS DIGEST - Bosnia - Aug 22 .
SAN DIEGO AT NEW YORK
However, once Saurons intentions were revealed to him, he stole the One Ring and used it to command an army of Orcs and Uruks to fight Sauron and lay claim over Mordor
Jordan 's official state news agency Petra said Kabariti would hold discussions " on the latest developments in the peace process and bilateral cooperation " .
At the time of the War of the Ring, Ioreth was the eldest of the women who served in the Houses of Healing in Minas Tirith
On Wednesday Norman described this year as his worst on the professional circuit since 1991 , when he failed to win a tournament .
She 's fantastic , " said Nikki Campbell , 28 , who went to the pageant . "
The club , founded in 1961 , has a loyal following in Taibe , an Arab town of 28,000 in the heart of Israel .
Czech Republic 's Havel to tour Brazil in September .
These people are now in Gisenyi prison , " Gatera added .
Helm declared Wulf and Frecas near kin to be enemies of the king, and Frecas men fled to the west
The name Morwen is Sindarin for "Dark Maiden", from "mor" ("dark") and "-gwenn" or "-wen" ("maiden")
The BOJ governor has made it clear that the BOJ 's policy is aimed at ensuring basis for economic recovery .
" Until this is cleared up by the European Union 's scientific panels -- and we have asked this to be done as quickly as possible -- ( consumers ) should if at all possible give preference to sheepmeat from other countries , " ministry official Werner Zwingmann told ZDF television .
BASEBALL - GONZALEZ HOMERS TWICE AS RANGERS BEAT INDIANS .
2 - Christopher Wreh ( Guingamp ) , Marc-Vivien Foe ( Lens ) , Enzo
Banharn came in last on the list of proposed leaders with less than one percent of the votes .
Being located on the most important crossroads in the north, on the crossing of the Great East Road and the Greenway, people would pass through Bree
Eärendil then went before the Valar, and asked them for aid that would help the Men and Elves in Middle-earth fight against Morgoth; and the Valar accepted his plea
The finest of these pieces became the Nauglamír
Bonnet , who has been coaching the Kwazulu-Natal provincial team , takes over from Englishman Gavin Featherstone who took South Africa to 10th place in the Olympic Games in Atlanta .
He died in the Battle of Dale in the War of the Ring, fighting hordes of Easterlings in Dale
After the company is captured by goblins, Orcrist is taken by them
"Chieftain of the Haladin" was the title of the highest leader of the Haladin of Brethil, a race of Edain Men in the First Age
His power stretches enough that he recalls his most potent servants (including Saruman and the Witch-king) and his allies. Later Saruman is sent with a large army to retake the frail city of Minas Tirith, Saruman is at the front line of the evil force breaking through the ranks of Gondors soldiers as he reaches out to complete his objective of destroying (burning) the White Tree and does so (fulfilling the vision Pippin had seen)
Barad-dûr, the ultimate stronghold of the Dark Lord Sauron, which had been the highest tower in all Middle-earth during this age and the prior, was destroyed for good
After Sam kills Gorbag, Shagrat steals mithril and runs out of Cirith Ungol
"Lisgardh" means "land of reeds" in Sindarin
The swords last owner was Aragorn, son of Arathorn
According to one account Gil-galad at this time gave Elrond Vilya the Blue Ring, though in other accounts Gil-galad kept both Narya and Vilya until the end of the Second Age
During the battle at Carn Dûm, the Witch-king became weakened in his powers, so he commanded Morgomir to take his army of newly trained sorcerers to lead an attack on the burial grounds of Arnor, soon to be named the Barrow-downs
As Elendil fell, his great sword Narsil broke beneath him
After four centuries of the Watchful Peace, Sauron returned to Dol Guldur in the year TA 2460, the same year as the One Ring was found by Sméagol
Thailand 's powerful military thinks the government is dishonest and Prime Minister Banharn Silpa-archa 's resignation might solve the nation 's political and economic woes , an opinion poll showed on Thursday .
Many accounts of interaction between dragons and other beings makes mention of them speaking, using the Common Tongue
Algerian security forces have shot dead three Moslem guerrillas suspected of killing a leading French bishop in western Algeria , the Algerian state-run television said on Thursday .
SYDNEY 1996-08-29
6. Breukink 1 minute 26 seconds
State : TX
BRUSSELS 1996-08-23
He was likely to return on Saturday to his holiday resort , a hunting lodge some 100 km ( 60 miles ) from Moscow .
Norway 8.62 points
Mushtaq Ahmed c Crawley b Mullally 2
In TA 2941, after the death of the Great Goblin, as many as 200-450 Goblin Mercenaries from Goblin-town chose to avenge their king or were eager to get their hands on the reward so they joined Azogs army to lay siege on the Lonely Mountain
An earlier name for Tulkas was Turenbo
Called the Old Noakes, their name is derived from a place of dwelling and means at the oak
Though possibly mythical, were-worms were thought to be terrible monsters that made their home in the Last Desert, said to be located far to the east of the Shire
DETROIT AT KANSAS CITY
9. Rubens Barrichello ( Brazil ) 12
Iran heavily bombarded targets in northern Iraq in July in pursuit of KDPI guerrillas based in Iraqi Kurdish areas outside the control of the government in Baghdad .
Williams thrust Essex on course for success by dispatching Matt Windows and Andrew Symonds in his second over , before Ilott removed Dominic Hewson and Tim Hancock to reduce Gloucestershire to 17 for four at one stage .
4. Gianluca Corini ( Italy ) Aki 0:07
Sudan arrests opposition sewing machine smugglers .
With the assistance of Farmer Cotton, Merry and Pippin led the Battle of Bywater, the last battle in the War of the Ring, in which 19 hobbits and 100 Ruffians were killed; the remaining Orcs and Ruffians retreated away from Hobbiton
" Most of the Olympic champions of the past are coming including Britain 's ( 1980 champion ) Allan Wells .
According to Legolas, the song was long and sad
No other evidence of any other wraiths are recorded as existing in Middle-earth, save for the Ringwraiths, who continued in the East and in Minas Morgul and were dispatched to search for the One Ring
A.de Silva not out 83
Dozens of armored Mountain-trolls and Ogres pour out of the tunnels and advance upon the Dwarves and Elves
It was to be a secret Melkorist religion of young misguided Men of Gondor in the early Fourth Age, after the events of "The Lord of the Rings"
Morgomir brilliantly trains the Thrall Masters to replenish the Angmar army and wipe out King Argeleb and his army
Battersby said he was satisfied with the security arrangements .
Singapore has a mandatory death sentence for anyone over 18 years of age found guilty of trafficking in more than 15 grams ( half an ounce ) of heroin , 30 grams ( an ounce ) of morphine or 500 grams ( 18 oz ) of cannabis or marijuana .
The White Tree was the symbol of Gondor, the greatest kingdom of Men within Middle-earth, as well as a real tree
Erkenbrand is a name that comes from two Old English words: "eorcan" (meaning "precious") and "brand" (meaning "sword")
The Dwarves of Erebor also used a further modification of the system, which was known as the mode of Erebor
It said the row started when Popov and a group of his friends were returning from a party .
Outside the context of the story, it is clear that most of the "original" forms in Westron or other languages were devised by Tolkien long after the English "translations" were chosen
Only Eru Ilúvatar showed the Ainur their music in a different form by adding the final note to their song: "Eä", "Be"
283 Tom Lehman 72 69 74 68 , Fred Funk 72 70 73 68 , Mark
Elu Thingol derives from the Sindarin "Elu Sindacollo", meaning "Elu Greycloak", from "thind" or "sinda" ("grey") and "collo" ("cloak")
Take your companion with you and flee! Go! I command you!" Thus it was Ohtar and his companion that delivered the shards of Narsil to Rivendell after Isildur was killed, and there they were kept in safety, when at last during the War of the Ring they were reforged by Aragorn II Elessar into Andúril, the Flame of the West, and taken again to the war against Sauron
Christopher Tolkien gives extensive notes and commentary on changes to plot-points, concepts in the tale, and names
England
Over the years, the Dwarves of Erebor gained great renown throughout Middle-earth for the splendor of their halls, craftsmanship, and great stores of wealth
Upon the arrival of Gandalf in Middle-earth on TA 1000, Círdan, knowing Gandalfs true nature and duty, gave him Narya to aid him in his labours
According to another Amoco official , the company is not exploring now for oil anywhere in Yemen .
The One Ring has been inherited by Frodo who finds himself unwittingly in the midst of a struggle for world domination
Wulfs Dunlending army managed to kill Helms sons Haleth and Háma, and the king himself perished in battle
After reporting the theft to the police , they took a bus home and reportedly got off the bus before arriving in their home village of Nandrin .
( Slask Wroclaw ) , Krzysztof Piskula ( Lech Poznan ) , Mariusz
Downer was to meet Chinese Foreign Minister Qian Qichen and sign an agreement on an Australian consulate in Hong Kong , an official of the Australian embassy in Beijing said .
SOCCER - SEYCHELLES FAIL IN BID FOR HISTORIC VICTORY .
In the First Age, after the lieutenant of Morgoth drove the Ñoldor from Tol Sirion he made the isles bastion into his abode and werewolves followed in his wake
Foreign Ministry spokesman Martin Erdmann said top Bonn diplomat Wolfgang Ischinger had been assured by senior Russian officials that the ultimatum to storm and take the Chechen capital of Grozny was not valid .
Rifkind was in Pakistan at the start of an Asian tour that will also take him to India , Sri Lanka , Japan and Mongolia .
In this period, Aiwendil was renamed "Radagast" by the Ñoldor and became known for both his protection of the great Forests and his zeal for the animals, worrying little with the affairs of Men and Elves, but was far more knowledgeable in plants, birds and beasts in the forest
During his time the Númenóreans began to return to Middle-earth, and great fleets of ships were built to explore all the lands east of Númenor
WASHINGTON 1996-08-26
Halbrand continues to act kindly towards her and make advances in helping Celebrimbor in making a design from mithril that would keep the Elves from fading due to the Doom of Mandos
THE SIMEX Brent market keeps to the trading schedule of the International Petroleum Exchange ( IPE ) in London , which is closed for a British bank holiday .
A Public Transport Corporation spokesman said the train , collided with the truck loaded with concrete pylons in the north Melbourne suburb of Preston just before 8.30 a.m ..
Singapore hanged a Thai farmer at Changi Prison on Friday for drug trafficking , the Central Narcotics Bureau ( CNB ) said .
As much of the Númenórean folk had turned away from the Valar, the Dark Lord propounded another element as worthy of reverence: the Darkness itself
The women 's draw lost another seed when Austrian Judith Wiesner overcame Iva Majoli of Croatia 2-6 6-3 6-1 .
Groningen 1 ( Gorre 66th ) Roda JC Kerkrade 1 ( Vurens 3rd )
1944 - Brussels and Antwerp in Belgium were liberated by British and Canadian troops in World War Two .
In a blind fury Helm proceeded to slaughter everyone else in the room including his own men
74 , Peter O'Malley ( Australia ) 71 73 75
As the refugees of Edoras entered the final stage of their march to Helms Deep, two Men of Rohan, Háma and Gamling rode ahead of the column, watched on by an uneasy Legolas
The language was created by the Vala Aulë, creator of the first Dwarves, who taught them "the language he had devised for them," implying that Khuzdul is a constructed language even within the context of the books
Taiwan 's Cooperative Bank cuts prime lending rate .
Standings ( tabulated under played , won , drawn , lost , goals
Leicester : Leicestershire beat Somerset by an innings and 39 runs .
Siriondil was the son of Calimmacil and grandson of Arciryas, brother of Narmacil II
Hekmatyar , once Rabbani 's main rival , made a peace pact with him and rejoined the government as prime minister in June .
Ines Gorrochategui ( Argentina ) beat Magdalena Grzybowska ( Poland ) 4-6 6-4 6-1
Again, no bough was set on the ships prow, but there was an image of an eagle with golden beak and jeweled eyes: a gift from Círdan
It must be the cost of flying those rolls over from Tuscany every day that drives up the price of the sandwich .
"Rath Celerdain" was Sindarin for street of the lamp-makers, or Lampwrights Street in Westron
The main combined army of Mordor then arrived, formed from those that Frodo had seen leaving Minas Morgul; but this was "but one and not the greatest of the hosts that Mordor now sent forth": for on their way from Morgul Vale, the Morgul-host led by the Witch-king of Angmar had been joined by Haradrim from the south, and a far greater host that had massed at the Black Gate attacked Cair Andros
Once it destroyed the kingdom of the Dwarves at Khazad-dûm, Middle-earths only source of new Mithril ore was cut off
Turkey says killed 17 Kurd rebels in clashes .
An estimated 50,000 people had been killed in political violence in Algeria since 1992 , when army-backed authorities cancelled a general election that Islamic fundamentalists had been expected to win .
It was said in this version that the Elves might still have won, but Ulfang and his Easterlings betrayed Maedhros, and summoned a great strength of evil Men from the surrounding hills, routing the host of Maedhros
During the Sack of Amon Rûdh Andróg lead some of the band to the top of the hill by a secret stair that he discovered some time before
Valandil was a Quenya word that meant Valar-lover or Friend of the Valar
Their biggest (and hardest to control) units are the Mûmakil
Elenwë was a Vanyarin elf, the wife of Turgon and the mother of Idril, to whom she passed on the golden hair of her kindred
An alternative (or complementary) etymology gives "Rivendell" as the Anglicised version of the Westron name Karningul (itself a translation of "Imladris")
" Yeah , you know it 's fun , it 's always fun when you 've got a chance to go to the ballpark and win a game that 's important , " said Rodriguez . "
Elemmírë was a Vanyar Elf of Valinor of unknown gender
With 307 days to go before the British colony reverts to China , the Hong Kong media focused mainly on domestic issues concerning alleged pressure on a judge , cross straights relations and the democratic lobby 's relationship with Beijing .
The Silver Wing is a ship of Dol Amroth created by Fantasy Flight games for the ""
" On the island , as at the Place Beauvau ( the Interior Ministry 's Paris address ) , people are well aware who is who and who is doing what .
Drúedainic was a unique language long descended from the ancient tongues of Men, originating in the First Age
Rice, Doug Jones, Sean Astin, and Bruce Hopkins
Bamerindus , Brazil 's fourth-largest private bank , has been facing liquidity troubles .
Examples include words such as "Mearas" (Old English for horses) and "éored". Tolkien was a philologist, with a special interest in Germanic languages
The climate hovered near the moderate and the extreme with mild winters and hot, dry summers and the terrain consisted of scattered woodlands
This signified the continuing alienation of the Kings of Númenor and the party of the Kings Men from the traditions of friendship with the Elves
Salomon Brothers analyst Paul Ting said he cut his share earnings estimates on refiners for the third quarter on the belief the companies will face sharp revisions in refining and marketing margins .
Scores : Australia 228-9 in 50 overs , Sri Lanka 232-6 in 45.5 overs .
Gonzalez has three 40-homer seasons and his 121 RBI broke Ruben Sierra 's team record of 119 set in 1989 .
Inspired by only a couple of paragraphs written by Tolkien in the appendices of the "Lord of the Rings" it follows Arathorn and Gilraen, the parents of Aragorn, from their first meeting through a turbulent time in their peoples history
During these days the weather in Númenor grew restless, and storms wrecked the ships of the Númenóreans
" I am heeding Abu Ammar 's ( Arafat 's ) call to pray at al-Aqsa and I came .
M. Waugh b P. Strang 18
The decline is all the worse for people who recall wasteful Soviet times , when the Kremlin imported grain but priced bread so cheaply that people bought it to feed their pigs .
An 88-year-old army veteran was jailed for 15 years by a Hong Kong court for drugs trafficking after he admitted he had stashed heroin under his mattress , a newspaper said on Saturday .
Fighting alongside King Narmacil II of Gondor, his people were defeated by the Wainriders, invaders from the east, and the Northmen were either scattered or enslaved
Faniel was a Ñoldorin Elf-maiden in earlier versions of J.R.R. Tolkiens legendarium
Sixteen of those picked up from the boat were returned to Cuba but eight were taken to the United States and three to Guantanamo Bay , a U.S. base on Cuba , until they emigrated to another nation .
The name Orodreth means "Mountaineer", from the Sindarin "orod" ("mountain")
Both parts of this name doubly imply and tell that Tumladen is a plain/valley, a very interesting combination of Sindarin roots on the part of Tolkien
However, the Valar were considering breaking the Silmarils in order to restore the Two Trees after Morgoth killed them
Maedhros did not trust Morgoth, and so went to meet his embassy with more men than agreed upon
In the past two months elephants have killed three people in remote areas of east and central Nepal .
Ata-ur-Rehman 48.4 6 173 5 34.60
The One Ring is a Role Playing Game published by Cubicle 7 in 2011, a revised addition released in 2014
Michael Tebbutt ( Australia ) beat Richey Reneberg ( U.S. ) 3-6
Casualties are both sides are high as the Dúnedain desperately battle for their lives and Angmars army fights in a berserk rage
It is known that a primary family business involving auctioneering, as indicated by the name of the company set to sell the contents of Bag End: Messrs Grubb, Grubb and Burrowes
By the time of the War of the Ring a century later: "When Boromir made his great journey from Gondor to Rivendell - the courage and hardihood required is not fully recognized in the narrative - the North-South Road no longer existed except for the crumbling remains of the causeways, by which a hazardous approach to Tharbad might be achieved, only to find ruins on dwindling mounds, and a dangerous ford formed by the ruins of the bridge, impassable if the river had not there been slow and shallow - but wide." Others occasionally crossed the ford - at their peril - including the Ringwraiths, servants and spies of Sauron, as well as the Grey Company who sought Aragorn in Rohan in TA 3019
He committed suicide on March 15, TA 3019, having ordered his men to erect a pyre for him and Faramir in the Hallows of Minas Tirith
The lanky Canadian broke Muster at 4-3 in the first set and 5-5 in the second before ending the match on his third match point when the Austrian hit a service return long .
17-3-42-1 , Cork 7-1-38-0 , Salisbury 14-0-71-0
" Profit-taking sales in the afternoon showed the latest gains of the index were actually a reaction rise .
Chicago Cubs outfielder Sammy Sosa had the third-longest streak at 304 games , but that ended earlier this week when he suffered a broken bone in his right hand .
Methed-en-glad is Sindarin for End of the Wood
The KDP , led by Massoud Barzani , had said a previous ceasefire negotiated by Pelletreau last Friday was broken by the PUK .
The Laiquendi (Quenya; IPA: ; singular Laiquendë, ), also known as the Green-elves, were a group of Nandorin Elves under Denethor, son of Lenwë
The name Azanulbizar is a Khuzdul word
In "The Lord of the Rings Strategy Battle Game", the Easterlings have a unique type of cavalry known as "kataphrakts*"
In order to liberate the Gnomes, the Elves of Kôr, led by Inwil son of Inwë, launched in the Great Lands an expedition against Melko and his army of Goblins, Gongs, Nauglath, and wicked Men, known as First Faring Forth or March of Liberation
During the War of the Ring, Elrond invited Silindë to attend the Council of Elrond, which would decide the fate of the One Ring
For this reason the Falmari started to revere swans, building their ships in swan-form and calling their city Alqualondë, "Swanhaven" in Quenya, to the point that they gain the epithet of "Swanherds"
U.S. bulk millfeeds - Immediate supply tight .
The Moria Orcs seen in the film seem to be larger and bulkier, towering over dwarves butt smaller than men
With the onset of spring, Helms nephew Fréaláf Hildeson led a small army down from Dunharrow, where another remnant of the Rohirrim had lasted out the winter
8. Natalya Golodnova ( Russia ) 1.85
Although his men were unwilling to fight Sauron because they had worshiped him, his excuse for not honoring the oath given to Isildur was because his daughter Bravantel had an out-of-wedlock child with one of his Númenórean warriors
Finally, the Men of Carn Dûm attacked the realm of Arthedain and the city of Fornost
Mîm issues one final curse as he lay dieing that Elves and men would rue the deed, and that death would follow the gold as long as it remained on earth (the curse would effect any portion of it even if divided)
That resulted in general elections in March 1973 when the Peronists led by Hector Campora and Vicente Solano Lima returned to power .
7. Andrew Coltart 248,142
Roberto Chiappa ( Italy ) beat Frederic Magne ( France ) 2-0
Moscow said the crew 's nationality was coincidental .
Thorin and Bard rally the Dwarves and Men
The number of attested verbs in Sindarin is small, so the Sindarin verb system is imperfectly known; no verb has a full paradigm of forms available
In the eight hundred-year period between the reigns of Tarannon Falastur and Tarondor, Dunland was technically part of Gondor, and the kings maintained garrisons to protect the North-South Road
He gathered all the Men of the Éothéod that could possibly be spared, some 7000, and, leaving his land at risk of invasion itself, rode south to the aid of Gondor
Among the objects utilized were great stones, the heads of fallen Gondorian soldiers, and fireballs
Pinas said Brunswijk then ordered his bodyguards to beat him up .
The Half-orcs were slant-eyed like Orcs, yet as tall as men
16. Jean-Pierre Van Zyl ( South Africa ) 1:07.258
The boat ran out of fuel and did not have a radio to call for help , Navy spokesman Lt. Italo Pineda said .
Jordanian PM Kabariti meets Arafat in West Bank .
Although the plan was designed under terms proposed by Sao Paulo state governor Mario Covas , he has showed no interest in taking part in the plan because Sao Paulo 's debt with Banespa has increased sharply , O Globo said .
During his fathers reign a great tragedy stuck: the invasion of Wainriders from the east in TA 1944, who had formed an alliance with the Haradrim of the south
" We were in the process of preparing a detailed affidavit responding to the Princess 's affadavit and expected to go to court in the next couple of weeks , " said Stenning 's lawyer , Benedict Birnberg . "
During the later stages of the siege, Gandalf rode Shadowfax as he faced the Lord of the Nazgûl at the Great Gate of Minas Tirith, Shadowfax alone among the free horses of the earth endured the terror and stood unmoving, steadfast before the Witch-king
25. Georgia 8.10
WASHINGTON 1996-08-27
Bilbos Mithril shirt was a shirt of chain mail, alternately described as a vest and a coat, made from mithril
The Rohirrim pass through the Drúadan Forest with the aid of the Drúedain who live there, who are led by Ghân-buri-Ghân; the army arrives at Minas Tirith
The other route is the Military Victory option, with each player having to capture enough Cities and Strongholds to trigger victory (10 VPs for The Shadow and 4 for the Free Peoples). Agaldor was the leader of an unnamed, coastal group of Hill-men in the northwest of Middle-earth, during the Second Age
The Calaquendi (singular "Calaquendë") were the Elves of the Light, those that reached Valinor on the Great Journey
U.N. official Ekeus heads for Baghdad .
" They 're aiming millions and millions of missiles right at these young people , whether it 's a needle , whether it 's a cigarette , whatever the delivery system is -- it 's poison and it 's got to stop in America . "
The name Elwing means "Star-foam", from the Sindarin "el" ("star") and "wing" ("foam, spray")
Japan 's refined zinc imports in July totalled 3,684 tonnes , off 47.5 percent from 7,011 tonnes in the same month a year earlier , according to Ministry of Finance data released on Wednesday .
But the pick of the 13-times champions ' goals came from Ruggiero Rizzitelli , who beat three defenders to put Bayern 4-1 up .
Although all Men of Arda were related to one another, there were many different sunderings and cultures
8. Marcus O'Sullivan ( Ireland ) 3:54.87
" Just one of those things , I was just trying to make contact , " said Bragg . "
CAPE TOWN 1996-08-25
A presidential spokesman said on Monday Yeltsin was in Moscow but could give no details about his agenda or whether meetings were planned .
Once the Haradrim and Corsairs were defeated, Aragorn had trumpets sounded and the dead withdrew to the shore
LONDON 1996-08-25
Georgia Rep .
SOCCER - SHEARER NAMED AS ENGLAND CAPTAIN .
Thangorodrim was a compound Sindarin name, of the words for oppression, mountain, and group; together meaning roughly Oppressive peaks
11. Johnny Herbert ( Britain ) Sauber 1:56.318
"The Lord of the Rings" film trilogy
The 19-year-old Philippoussis , who beat Sampras in the third round of this year 's Australian Open , stayed calm in a nervy third-set tie break against Rosset .
He died at very old age for Men of his time like Bëor
Russian troops start pullout , but not in Grozny .
Queen Beatrix of The Netherlands will pay a four-day state visit to South Africa in October , the first by a ruling Dutch monarch , the South African foreign ministry said on Thursday .
In fact, Exilic Quenya was the most known form of Quenya in Middle-earth and it is the form of Quenya known in Númenor and the one that appears in the "Red Book of Westmarch"
But Meri , 67 , has been accused in parliament of taking too much power and not always consulting parliamentarians before making decisions .
David Jones
Snaga may refer to: Castamir was a man of Minas Ithil, and the general of the citys army in the late Third Age
His name in Quenya was written in the Scrolls, as it was with the ancient practices
The Prologue is the name of the first chapter of "The Peoples of Middle-earth", the twelfth volume of "The History of Middle-earth." The following chapter is "The Appendix on Languages"
Second round
The team will go one to tour Pakistan , playing two tests and three one-day internationals .
LONDON 1996-08-23
The Last Alliance of Elves and Men was a great union of Elves and Men formed in the year 3430 of the Second Age, in response to the threat of conquest by the Dark Lord Sauron
Sometimes during combat, Gandalf would be seen wielding both weapons against his enemies
-- Wellington newsroom 64 4 473-4746
Woods , who turned pro Tuesday after winning an unprecedented third successive U.S. Amateur Championship , almost eagled the 18th hole .
Iran has asked Germany to extradite Banisadr , who is due is due back in Berlin next Thursday to continue his testimony .
Nevertheless, the princes of the Ñoldor established great realms in Beleriand, and to many it seemed the words of Fëanor were justified
Aragorn swears that Minas Tirith will not fall, nor will the strength of Men fail
It was ruled by the Prince of Dol Amroth; the banner of the Silver Swan of Dol Amroth flew alongside that of the White Tree throughout the Third Age
6. Scott Russell ( United States ) Suzuki 1:51.287
From Everevens lofty hills where softly silver fountains fall his wings him bore, a wandering light, beyond the mighty Mountain Wall
Frodo saves him from being shot
Itar-Tass news agency said it provided for the disengagement of Russian and rebel forces in Chechnya .
NOTE - Sales , profit compare with first half of 1995 , workforce compares with Dec 31 .
The Braves took the second game when Chipper Jones singled home the tying run in the top of the ninth and Andruw Jones took advantage of a poor throw to score the go-ahead run on a sacrifice fly for a 6-5 victory .
Burma 's Suu Kyi says military rulers abuse law .
Lithlad is a Sindarin word for ash-plain
Mikael Tillstrom ( Sweden ) beat Tamer El Sawy ( Egypt ) 1-6 7-6 ( 9
Grinnah, during the search, was surprised to find Elven objects in Noris bag (which were objects that Nori had stolen back in Rivendell) and suggested to his chief that the Company had been in league with Elves
EASTERN DIVISION
SOCCER - MARCELO HAT-TRICK KEEPS PSV AT TOP OF DUTCH LEAGUE .
After some resistance from the Harfoots and the Stranger, Elanor is able to pass the Dwellers staff to the dazed Stranger, who comes into his own and disintegrates the three women, saving the other Harfoots
The two party leaders had also agreed to meet U.S. Assistant Secretary for Near Eastern Affairs Robert Pelletreau in September " to solidify the cease-fire and to pursue reconciliation " , Davies said .
During the final battle between the Last Alliance and Mordor, Narsil broke into two pieces when Elendil and Gil-galad fought Sauron themselves and were slain
Dol Guldur is then itself attacked by a combined army of Elves and Dwarves led by Elrond, Arwen, Glorfindel, Glóin, Thranduil and Dáin Ironfoot
He unleashed a telekinetic repulse focused on three wolves to save a group of Harfoots
LONDON 1996-08-29
Accompanied by his friend Bruni, Nordri and his companions fight through many Orcs, as well as Mountain-trolls and Uruk-hai
The "Gift of Men" was an act of the supreme being Ilúvatar that set the race of Men apart from the Elves
Unconfirmed news reports said a vehicle belonging to them was found abandoned at Santa Maria de Pocosol , about 12 miles ( 20 km ) north of the site of the abduction .
Chris Patten last month that Canada may grant asylum to dissidents who have fled to Hong Kong from China .
Kahliel suggested that the Mûmakil would be too far for them to catch and even if it where possible to, it would be still better to rescue those who where capture by spiders
He distinguished himself during the Second Battle of the Fords of Isen by holding off a large army of Orcs for an extended period of time, then staging a retreat with minimal losses when enemy forces arrived
In the Siege of Angband, the Ñoldor successfully laid siege to Morgoths stronghold Angband, building many castles and fortifications that ever watched the Gates of Angband, and companies of cavalry patrolled the Ard-galen
Beijing has called on Seoul to stop South Korean missionaries from travelling to China , a South Korean embassy spokesman said on Tuesday .
SOCCER - INCE EXPOSED BY GASCOIGNE 'S LATEST PRANK .
The palantíri could not transmit sound; they could only show visions or intended thoughts of the users.In one direction, they could see for leagues, with the farthest places offering the least clarity
In TA 2885 therefore when the Haradrim invaded Ithilien, King Folcwine sent his sons Folcred and Fastred to repay the debt, defeating the invaders at the Battle of the Crossings of Poros at the cost of their own lives
Mother Teresa turns 86 but still in danger .
3. Michael Schumacher ( Germany ) 39
Bereg, the grandson of Baran through Baranor, Barans youngest son, was dissatisfied with Estolad, and so he in about FA 369 led a thousand men of the House of Bëor away southwards out of Beleriand, disappearing from the histories
Lying west of Thistledell, a tribe of Harfoots passed through here in the Second Age on their annual migration
In British usage, "corn" was any grain crop; what North Americans call “corn”, British have historically called “maize”
During the War of the Ring, Gorgoroth was the location of mines and forges which supplied Mordors armies with weapons and armor
To make matters worse, Maedhros had been betrayed by Ulfang, one of the sons of Uldor, who had summoned a great force of evil men from the surrounding hills to attack the Elven host
France ( Cyril Bos , Philippe Ermenault , Jean-Michel Monin , Francis Moreau ) 4:05.104 beat Germany ( Guido Fulst , Danilo Hondo , Thorsten Rund , Heiko Szonn ) 4:05.463
The Sindar, however, had been slow to learn Quenya, while the Ñoldor at this time had fully mastered Sindarin
In spite of a Warg attack, they arrived and barricaded themselves against Sarumans army
Michael Penrose , a 23-year-old worker with the group Action Against Hunger , described his ordeal to a news conference when he arrived back in Britain from Moscow .
Men came to be afraid of death, and this fear lingered
Fernys ultimate fate is unknown, but as far as the folk of the Shire knew he was never heard from again
The Squint was portrayed by Matt Smith in "The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug", and due to his name, he was the non-canonical father of the Squint-eyed Southerner
Compared with the end of last year , when T&N predicted a sluggish first half and a rebound later in 1996 , Hope said : " I think the difference ( now ) is the first half has not actually been as bad as some felt it was going to be , but equally we 're certainly not predicting a recovery in the second half . "
BISTRITA 1996-08-22
5. Chryste Gaines ( U.S. ) 11.20
Nerweyi said he did not know if there were any casualties .
During the War of the Ring, Aragorn II Elessar, Legolas, Gimli and the Grey Company took this road with the Army of the Dead, driving away the Corsairs of Umbar at Linhir before proceeding to Pelargir
The city remained in the hands of Gondor until 1944, when the Haradrim conquered the city. It is possible that a few hundred Haradrim also fought
Kíli climbs up to operate the mechanism for opening the portcullis and is injured by an arrow to the leg
Arnor probably means "Land of the King", from Sindarin Ara- (high, kingly) + (n)dor (land)
In the Second Age, when the Exiles of Númenor first returned to Middle-earth, the Hills of Evendim were populated by Middle Men related to the ancestors of the Edain
It said Craig Held has also joined the company as executive vice president and chief marketing officer .
Wilwarin is a Quenya word that meant butterfly
Durin IV then takes Elrond to the mithril mine to look for the metal, and while laboring confesses how he considers Elrond a brother
5. Marco Lietti ( Italy ) MG-Technogym 1 second behind
He ( Mind Games ) was going as well as any of them one and a half furlongs ( 300 metres ) out but he just did n't quicken . "
-- Karachi newsroom 9221-5685192
2. Jacques Villeneuve ( Canada ) 68
BASEBALL - ORIOLES ' MANAGER DAVEY JOHNSON HOSPITALIZED .
The Lord of the Rings film trilogy
However, Smaug had lain so long on the heap of treasure in the deep of the Lonely Mountain that gems and coins had become encrusted in the slime, so that he was "armored above and below with iron scales and hard gems"; he was also said to have had scales there too making his underbelly harder to strike at than his back (though this protection was not complete, and ultimately resulted in him being killed)
The battle was precipitated by a warning from the Northmen Lord Marhwini to King Calimehtar that the Wainriders were about to attack Gondor once again
Bonn has led efforts to ensure consumer protection tops the list of priorities in dealing with the mad cow crisis , which erupted in March when Britain acknowledged humans could contract a similar illness by eating contaminated beef .
The United States used these weapons to end the war, and the bombs became both a deterrent to attack in the 20th and 21st centuries, and a threat used by the two major superpowers during the (the USA and USSR)
M. Atherton not out 26
Afterwards, Lake-town was rebuilt in greater splendor than before with some of the treasure that Smaug had stolen, though the towns Master ran off with some of the gold
One of a number of Northern principalities, it had strong ties with the Kingdom of Gondor and fought with them in wars against the Easterlings of Rhûn
More than 960 people have been killed in the armed struggle the Gama'a launched in 1992 to topple President Hosni Mubarak 's government and establish a purist Islamic state in its place
Earlier this month he also beat world champion Bailey in Zurich .
The tower was built by Tar-Minastir, the eleventh King of Númenor sometime between SA 1731 and SA 1869 to gaze upon the West
-- Message of unity from the conservative New Democracy party as former prime minister Constantine Mitsotakis and Miltiadis Evert shake hands
He is an editorial advisor of "Tolkien Studies" and the Mythopoeic Societys scholarly periodical "Mythlore"
Due in large to the defensive prowess of the Men of Arthedain and Cardolan, Angmar was temporarily pushed back and besieged Rivendell
Palestinian officials said the Israeli government had barred Arafat from overflying Israel in a Palestinian helicopter to the West Bank in an attempt to bar the meeting with Peres .
LONDON 1996-08-27
In the meantime Sauron had returned to Mordor, rebuilding his fortress and creating a vast army of Orcs
From his dark throne in the Nethermost Hall, Morgoth directed the war against the Ñoldor who had returned from the West, and all the Free Peoples that supported them in Beleriand
Men may choose to live in tune with the themes of the Music that created Arda, or be indifferent to it, or live in defiance of it
" We discussed the decision to postpone the municipal elections and I made clear it was primarily the manipulation of voter registration by the Republika Srpska ( Bosnian Serb republic ) which led to this development , " Kornblum said after three hours of talks .
This is complicated by the fact that a small minority of Sindarin Elves ruled the predominantly Silvan Woodland Realm of Northern Mirkwood, a minority to which Legolas belonged
72 Clarence Rose , Loren Roberts , Fred Funk , Sven Struver
By the close Yorkshire had turned that into a 37-run advantage but off-spinner Such had scuttled their hopes , taking four for 24 in 48 balls and leaving them hanging on 119 for five and praying for rain .
However, the literal Sindarin translation for Mount Doom is "Amon Amarth", from "amon" ("hill, mountain") and "amarth" ("doom, fate")
It can get Banner ﻿Carriers at a Treasure Trove and Get Venom Sacks at a Level.3 Spider pit
They soon met the Elves of Beleriand and established a trading relationship with them
After the rebellion of the Ñoldor and the rising of the Moon, the Valar decided to further shield their realm from the outside world preventing any intruders from finding Aman, especially the rebel Ñoldor from returning
The Sprites, also called Spirits, were sapient beings whose nature in essence were of non-corporeality
However, most of the mithril produced by the Dwarves before the fall of Moria was gathered by Orcs and paid as tribute to Sauron, who was said to covet it
Zubair Jahan Khan ( Pakistan ) beat Faheem Khan ( Hong Kong ) 12-15
" It is a desperate move by the PUNR , which is losing its only reason for existing ahead of the electoral campaign , " said PDSR executive president Adrian Nastase .
The Dunlendings began to trouble Rohan again during the reign of King Thengel, with the Rohirrim not realising that the attacks were orchestrated by Saruman
-- Gordana Kukic , Belgrade Newsroom +381 11 222 4254
Chris Lewis did his best to forget his controversial omission from the England one-day squad on Sunday but could not prevent Pakistan reasserting their dominance in the final test at The Oval .
While Thráin led a charge towards the Dimrill Gate and never returned, the rest of the Dwarf Army was driven back by the Orcs in a retreat that threatened to turn into a rout, with Orcs slaughtering the fleeing Dwarves on the run
Amon Dîn was Sindarin for silent hill
Israel blocks Palestinian pilgrims ' progress .
It was the old capital of the Éothéod, founded by their brave Chieftain Fram, the slayer of Scatha, in TA 2000
course ( players U.S. unless noted ) :
Obree was forced to pull out of his title defence because of a viral infection .
He offered no details about the cause of Smith 's death or the location .
South African provincial side Boland said on Thursday they had signed Leicestershire fast bowler David Millns on a one year contract .
Lothíriel means "flower-garlanded maiden," from the Sindarin words "loth" ("flower, blossom"), the element "riel" ("garlanded maiden") from the root "rig" ("twine, wreathe"), and the feminine ending "-iel"
Turkey - Sergen Yalcin ( 61st )
Security was tight at Stansted airport , which is about 30 miles ( 50 km ) northeast of the capital .
142 Daniel Chopra ( Sweden ) 74 68
Mariano Rivera pitched a scoreless ninth , striking out two .
After the defeat of the resolution , drafted by the European Union and the United States , China 's Foreign Ministry thanked 26 countries for backing its motion for " no action " on the document .
Four years later in TA 2758, the Dunlendings led by Wulf came for their revenge at a time when Gondor could not help the Rohirrim
For many centuries after the Downfall, descendants of the Kings Men held onto colonies in Middle-earth, what became the most northerly and famous of their settlements in exile, Umbar
While the power of Gondors sister kingdom Arnor peaked at this time, before it broke into various successor states, Gondors greatest glory was yet to come
He is remembered primarily for his creation of the Three Rings of Power: Nenya, Vilya, and Narya, but also he made the second Elfstone (in one version) for Galadriel, who later gave it to Aragorn
Software services company Keane Inc said it had won a year 2000 compliance contract from Life Insurance Co of Georgia and Southland Life Insurance Co , both part of The Netherlands ' ING Group .
"Arda-" refers to the world of Arda, and "-lambion" is from "lambë", Quenya for "language"
The UAE said on Monday it would hand over the three to the International Red Crescent , possibly last Tuesday .
The many years spent improving the Lonely Mountains defenses had paid off, and the Easterlings were unable to gain entry
Lúthien bore Beren a son, named Dior, Thingols heir, considered to be one of the fairest beings to ever live, for in him flowed the blood of Men, of Elves, and of the Ainur
The 7-pound , 4-ounce ( 3.3 kg ) girl , named Sophia Rose , was born shortly after midnight at South Miami Hospital , publicist Paul Bloch said .
Israeli security forces ransacked a Bedouin encampment in the West Bank on Monday to expel them from an area which Palestinians say had been earmarked for Jewish settlement expansion , residents said .
9. Martin Brundle ( Britain ) Jordan 1:55.385
Costa Rica - Ronaldo Gonzalez ( 10th minute , penalty
In June , Promodes signed an outline agreement to sell its Specia unit -- which runs 100 Dia stores in France -- to Germany 's Aldi .
Smashing through the Gallerys wall, Smaug furiously roars that he finally understands that Bilbo and the Dwarves were aided by the men of Lake-town, and leaves to destroy the town
CALCUTTA 1996-08-22
Guinea 's president , Lansana Conte , vice-president of the Organisation of the Islamic Conference , left for Kuwait on August 16 to prepare the next OIC summit in Pakistan in 1997 .
The newspaper said China advocated the complete ban and destruction of nuclear weapons but that there was little hope other nuclear powers would soon adopt the same stance .
The White Mountains formed the northern boundary of Gondor and the southern boundary of Rohan except in their easternmost part, where Gondors province of Anórien lay to the north of the mountains
A group of heavily-armed men attacked a military convoy in the western Mexican state of Michoacan on Friday , killing one soldier and wounding two , radio reports said .
Deathless was a Dwarven sword belonging to Thorin II Oakenshield by at least the year TA 2770, when Erebor was sacked by Smaug
Some time later after his return from Aman, Morgoth loosed an army on Beleriand beginning the First Battle
On Fréaláfs advice, Beren the Steward of Gondor bestowed Saruman with the Keys of Orthanc, giving him Isengard to dwell in on the condition that he must protect it from another conquest by the Dunlendings
During the crossing of Eriador the Greater Folk was the vanguard, but eventually they were surpassed by the Lesser Folk, who were the first group of Men to cross the Blue Mountains and reach Beleriand under the guide of Balan
Police said they fought armed activists from the BNP , headed by former prime minister Begum Khaleda Zia .
In later years, he became known by the Sindarin name Elu Thingol
Commentary is given by actors and crew members on many unique challenges, such as the method for operating Treebeards body when he grasps Merry and Pippin, Andy Serkis performance as Gollum plunging down a cold stream (in the first Ithilien scene), and stuntmen rehearsing the charges and combat of the Uruk-hai army for many nights under artificial rainfall in heavy armor, for the Helms Deep scenes
Although it was unknown to the peoples of Middle-earth, they were emissaries from the West, sent on behalf of the Valar to help them resist the power of Sauron, who had been secretly orchestrating the attacks on Arnor and Gondor
Todd Woodbridge ( Australia ) beat Daniel Nestor ( Canada ) 7-6
The Shadow of the Past is the third soundtrack of the Original Motion Picture Soundtrack of , and was composed by Howard Shore
The Sindarin word "c(g)ail" meant fence
" Dutroux has admitted killing Weinstein after a disagreement between the accomplices in an affair of truck theft , " Bourlet said .
When Magors father led many of their people of the House of Marach out of Estolad and further westward of Beleriand towards Hithlum, the land that was given to the Marachians by the Ñoldorin Elf-lords of the House of Fingolfin
The Arkenstone was discovered not long after the founding of the Dwarf Kingdom under the Mountain by Thráin I
It is unclear whether it was called the Last Alliance because it was the last time that the Elves marched to war in Middle-earth in significant strength or because it was hoped this would be the Last time Elves and Men had to unite against their common foe
There were unconfirmed reports that Iran had sent troops into northern Iraq in response to Iraq 's attack .
Hong Kong Hang Seng index -- 12,201.09 ( Jan 4/94 )
Then, as the army approached Dagorlad, some of the farmers of Lossarnach and Rohan were too afraid to continue into the Desolation of the Black Gate
He decided to release his long-prepared army in hopes of quickly annihilating his greatest enemy, Gondor before aid could arrive
Longyear is a Norwegian settlement of just over 1,000 people , but it also feels the loss keenly .
However, a debate arose between the ambassadors and the Elf-fathers, who wished to refuse the Great Journey
The Sindarin word Aglon means "Narrow Pass" from the root "agr" or "agor" ("narrow, confined") and "lhonn" ("strait, pass")
Túrin used Gurthang to kill the mighty dragon Glaurung but when he attempted to retrieve the sword, Glaurungs foul blood spewed on to Túrins hand, leaving him in a deadly swoon
Portsmouth : Middlesex 199 and 226-1 ( J. Pooley 106 not out , M. Ramprakash 81 not out ) , Hampshire 232 ( A. Fraser 5-55 , R. Fay 4-77 )
Under Fingon in the west were gathered the Elves and Men of Hithlum, the Elves of the Falas, the Haladin of Brethil, the companies sent from Nargothrond and the two Elves of Doriath, Beleg and Mablung
Former Surinam rebel leader held after shooting .
GOLF - HENKE TAKES LEAD IN MILWAUKEE , WOODS MAKES PRO DEBUT .
Nobody is free from arrest in Burma . "
"Aiglos "- Sindarin for Icicle, also name of Gil-galads spear "Alda "- Quenya word for Tree
The , by Fantasy Flight Games has many different types of Undead throughout the series
Rath Dínen is Sindarin for Silent Street
20. Giovanni Lavaggi ( Italy ) Minardi 1:58.579
MOSCOW 1996-08-30
" Her condition seems to be better , but the danger remains as long as she is on respirator , " an official at Woodlands Nursing Home said . "
To what extent, and who cares about Japan? At the point when over, would conventional individuals have any flexibilities? Some Big Folk appeared to trust that the standard individuals would be excessively drained, making it impossible to stand up to
" The members expressed their concern about the maintenance of the peace process and they urged that no action be taken that would have a negative impact on the negotiations , " Eitel said after an informal council session .
The name Aragorn means "revered king", from the Sindarin "ara" ("king") and "(n)gorn" ("revered")
It is recorded that Elendil, while using the Elostirion-stone to gaze into the west, was able to see the Tower of Avallónë where the Master-stone was kept
Azog is summoned to Dol Guldur to become the commander of Saurons Orc armies
Gimli played a critical role in the defeat of the army of Isengard at the Battle of the Hornburg, where he was separated from Aragorn and Legolas and driven into the caves which he would later become lord of
Bedie pardoned two other journalists jailed for incitement to disturb public order .
" So far 75 percent has been returned with the land restitution almost completed in some regions like Southeastern Bulgaria but lagging behind in other areas , predominantly in the mountains , " the official told a news conference .
9/16 - Chen Gang ( China ) beat 9/16 - Hermawan Susanto ( Indonesia )
-- Karachi newsroom 9221-5685192
During the partys escape from Goblin Town, Dwalin lends Ori his warhammer which the younger Dwarf uses with surprising effectiveness, at one point desperately swinging it backwards into a Wargs head
En route to the new house at Crickhollow, Frodo, Sam, Merry and Pippin crossed using the Ferry just before the arrival of a Black Rider, who was forced to go around to the Brandywine Bridge as there were no boats kept on the western bank of the river
AMSTERDAM 1996-08-28
Days after Gandalf had passed, an army out of Mordor crossed the river Anduin at Cair Andros and descended on Ingolds position
Being already preoccupied with a Napoleon biopic, Kubrick reiterated his concerns to McCartney, Lennon and ODell, telling them that neither he nor anyone else could adapt it
They then carried the gold away
Tavildara is now apparently inhabited only by a few old men , women and their grubby , barefoot children .
You first fight the blue giant spider, Wild in which a few jump attacks with Sting will take her out
In the early writings, the Quendian (Elvish) languages were divided into three: the Eldarin, Ilkorin, and Lemberin
Forfar 3 Inverness 1
After building a base and mustering an army, they get help from the Wild Men of Dunland and Mountain Giants
Background. Tolkien developed Valarin as a tongue spoken by superhuman beings, and so wished for it a very peculiar style
In TA 2758, Edoras was taken by Dunlendings led by Wulf, who ruled the city until the following year, when he was killed and the Dunlendings driven out by Fréaláf Hildeson
Hong Kong Financial Secretary Donald Tsang will visit Indonesia and New Zealand from August 25 to 31 , the government said on Friday .
Initially populated by Laiquendi, in the following Ages it became an important Elvish realm, known for its harbors and Elven ships that would embark unto the Uttermost West
South African answers U.S. message in a bottle .
At the end of the First Age, they were given a choice to be Elven and immortal, or to be counted as the race of Men and receive their gift, mortality and death
Telchar forged the original sword, Narsil
However, he abandoned it after about 13 pages
TOKYO 1996-08-22
NEW YORK 1996-08-26
"Beware of the spider" (Potter) - 3:50 8
Oil product inventories held in independent tankage in the Amsterdam-Rotterdam-Antwerp area were at the following levels , with week-ago and year-ago levels , industry sources said .
Former world champion Lance Armstrong of the United States was in front as the leading pack of seven riders turned into the Oerlikon velodrome for the final one lap sprint but quickly faded and settled for fourth .
My feet only made there the ghost of a soundOn the shining white pebbles that ringed him round,Where his little feet flashed on a circle of sand,And the fingers were white on his flickering hand.In the wink of a star he had leapt in the airWith his fluttering cap and his glistening hair;And had cast his long flute right over his back,Where it hung by a ribbon of silver and black
Roma , now coached by Argentine Carlos Bianchi and watched by Italian national coach Arrigo Sacchi , lost 3-1 to Cesena -- another repeat of last season when the Rome club also went out at the first hurdle .
He was present when Thorin Oakenshield revealed his identity to him and everyone else in the town, and convinces the townfolk, including the Master, that he and his company will share the riches of the recaptured mountain if they are provided weapons and boats and allowed safe passage to the mountain
LONDON 1996-08-31
The Red Arrow was used by Gondor to summon allies in times of need
Likewise Elven and Númenórean swords are not just masterfully created weapons, but they also frequently possess magical powers, such as the sword Sting which glows blue when Orcs are nearby
Former England rugby captain Will Carling , whose marriage broke down after he was romantically linked to Princess Diana , was divorced by his wife on Thursday , just 24 hours after Diana and Prince Charles divorced .
Nicaraguan President Violeta Chamorro underwent successful surgery in the United States on Monday to correct a compression in her lower spinal column , the government said .
Ukraine beat Northern Ireland 1-0 ( halftime 0-0 ) in a World Cup soccer European group nine qualifier on Saturday .
A committee monitoring the ceasefire agreement between Israel and Hizbollah guerrillas will meet in south Lebanon on Sunday to discuss an Israeli complaint against the Islamic group , the Israeli army said .
SOCCER - GROBBELAAR NAMED TEMPORARY ZIMBABWE COACH .
+3 Sven Struver ( Germany ) through 10
The mined for Mithril and Gold and Silver
The city was destroyed along with Númenor
Then Saruman put in an offer for the control of Isengard and both King Fréaláf and Steward Beren embraced the proposition with open arms
The language was rarely heard by outsiders and was a secret, and was thus not recorded by Elves or Men
7. Ozers 8
Finrod was also called by Bëor and his people Nóm (Wisdom), Nómin (the Wise), and "Friend-of-Men", which in Elvish was "Edennil" and "Atandil", Sindarin and Quenya respectively
Their priority was to protect the original plan of creation, though they were unsure of what was salvageable
Many software developers apparently saw their crucial holiday season sales suffer last year because store shelves were jammed with blue-and-white boxes of Windows 95 , resulting in a shortage of space for seasonal products , said Ann Stephens , president of PC Data Inc .
Later, when Rohans army arrived to help Gondor, the Witch-king commanded the fellbeast to attack King Théoden of Rohan, and feast on his flesh
He accompanied Thorin, Gandalf, Bilbo Baggins, and rest of Thorins Company across Wilderland to the Lonely Mountain in order to reclaim the Dwarves treasure from the dragon Smaug
At Minnesota , Marty Cordova and Matt Lawton hit solo homers and Frankie Rodriguez allowed six hits over seven innings to earn his first win as a starter in a month as the Minnesota Twins held on to beat the Texas Rangers 6-5 .
The Black Arrow was a heirloom of the house of Girion, Lord of Dale, passed down to Bard, his descendant
Despite their supposed destruction, in the video game "" the Men of Carn Dûm were not all slain
On March 14 - 15 of TA 3019, the Variags fought in Saurons army against Gondor at the Battle of the Pelennor Fields
134 Robert Coles 68 66 , David Williams 67 67 , Thomas Bjorn
Graf , of course , prevailed 6-3 7-6 , but not before some tense moments that even had the German superstar thinking the match was going three sets .
China says Taiwan spoils atmosphere for talks .
Wilderland is the second soundtrack of
In earlier versions of the legendarium, they were called "Itseloktë" in Early Quenya and "Sithaloth", or "Sithaloctha", in Gnomish, both meaning "fly-cluster"
Azog’s primary weapon is his war mace
Elrond is skeptical of the Dwarves ability to succeed, knowing of the sickness Thorins grandfather Thrór developed that attracted Smaug in the first place
Asked about reports Egypt has set new levels for a vomitoxin in its purchase of U.S. wheat , the secretary said " I do n't know anything about it " but added that USDA officials were " looking at it . "
Salmar was a Maia, creator of the Ulumúri
Revellers painted the town red on Wednesday as the 1996 edition of the world 's biggest tomato fight began in the eastern Spanish village of Bunol .
Orders increased 1.8 percent to a seasonally adjusted $ 317.6 billion , significantly stronger than the 1 percent rise forecast by Wall Street economists .
8 - Nathalie Tauziat ( France ) beat Shi-Ting Wang ( Taiwan ) 6-4
Morris declined to address the allegations directly in his resignation statement but said he was quitting to avoid becoming a campaign issue .
69 78 , Raymond Russell 69 78 , Roger Chapman 71 76 , Paul
LONDON 1996-08-28
He was a strongly committed Roman Catholic. Tolkien was a close friend of C.S
The letter made reference to massacres of landless peasants in August 1995 and April 1996 , which claimed the lives of 27 landless peasants .
As the force neared Minas Tirith it was overtaken by Orcs and Haradrim and Faramir was gravely wounded by a poisonous arrow
BELGRADE 1996-08-29
1. Svetlana Masterkova ( Russia ) 2 minutes 28.98 seconds
Additionally Thranduil mentions Ecthelion of Gondor when talking with Bard about potentially selling the Arkenstone
Davies told reporters the statement would be distributed in the Cuban exile community in Miami " to remind everyone of the importance of abiding by the accords and avoiding dangerous attempts to cross the straits " from Cuba to Florida .
Judith Crosson
Mentmore Abbey , the UK stationery and housewares business formerly known as Platignum , said it was making the statement in response to recent newspaper articles linking the two groups .
8. Fita Bayissa ( Ethiopia ) 13:21.35
PARIS 1996-08-24
MOTORCYCLING - SAN MARINO GRAND PRIX PRACTICE TIMES .
" It was very hot and I did n't want to stay long on the court , " said a cheery Hingis , who had no worries in racing to a 6-1 6-0 victory against the overmatched Spaniard .
Of Herbs and Stewed Rabbit is the fourth chapter of the second book of "The Two Towers." Plot
4. Jarmo Kytolehto ( Finland ) Ford Escort 1:56
WEATHER - Conditions at CIS airports - August 23 .
Around the year TA 1000, the Maia arrived at the Grey Havens in the west of Eriador, having the form of old Men, whom the peoples called Wizards
Audi AG management board chairman Herbert Demel said on Thursday that the German luxury carmaker , a unit of Volkswagen AG , did not expect any burden on its 1996 results from currency market volatility .
He died slumped against Oncins , who subsequently lost interest in tennis .
Artamir and Ondoher led an army to Ithilien preparing for the assault from the north
He praised Clinton for vetoing the Republican Congress ' attempt to repeal parts of the Clean Air Act , and criticized Republicans for " slashing money to combat drugs in schools . "
The four ride to Rohans capital, Edoras, and persuade King Théoden that his people are in danger
Eight members of a family , five of them children aged between two and seven , drowned when their small boat sank on Lake Maracaibo in western Venezuela early on Monday , authorities said .
It resulted in Frodo being stabbed by a Morgul-knife and the Nazgûl being driven off
Diana met Will Carling at an exclusive gymnasium in London .
When Saruman took control of the Shire through Lotho, he resisted and organized a defense against the Chiefs men
Goalkeepers - Edwin van der Sar ( Ajax ) , Ed de Goey ( Feyenoord ) .
‘Of all the ends to our journey that is the very last I should have thought of: to have to fight half-orcs and ruffians in the Shire itself - to rescue Lotho Pimple!’ Portrayal in adaptations
It had been boosted overnight by the Bank of Japan 's quarterly corporate survey , or " tankan " , of major manufacturers -- an important gauge of business sentiment .
In addition to the licensed reproduction sword linked below, Del Tin Antiche of Italy made unlicensed interpretations of both Glamdring and Orcrist, which were sold through Museum Replicas, Ltd
Australia
2. Samuel Matete ( Zambia ) 47.99
The Witch-king had a great idea, using the new sorcerers, he commanded Morgomir to have the barrow tombs corrupted with a dark plague, that would kindle the spirits of the fallen Kings of Arnor in an ancient Necromancy Ritual, thus creating the Barrow-wights
Sihanouk promised an amnesty to Hen Vipheak , along with fellow KNP member and journalist Chan Rattana , who was released after serving a week of a year-long jail term in June .
" Up here in the Texas Panhandle , we 've had some extremely beneficial rains that came through within the last several days and are really setting us up for ideal conditions for planting wheat , " Mosier said .
Telerin or Falmarin, also called "Lindalambë" or "Lindárin" ("tongue of the Lindar"), was the language of the Falmari, the Elves of Teleri lineage who lived in Valinor and descended directly from "Ancient Telerin" or "Common Telerin"
The Statesman newspaper quoted 40-year-old Mangala Das , paralysed from her waist down and a resident of the Prem Dan ( Gift of Love ) home for the destitute , as saying she and her friends had been praying incessantly for Mother Teresa 's recovery .
3. Bscher 112
Equivalent to Isengards crebain crows, these bats are the spies of the Goblins, and can be temporarily summoned with a 5-point power, or used as a Fortress upgrade to increase the Fortress vision range
However, the use of mithril in arms and armor became very limited after Orcs of the Misty Mountains and the newly awakened Balrog of Morgoth overran the Dwarf mines of Khazad-dûm
He wore a riders cloak of dark green over a coat of fine chain-mail, and a helm with a small silver star
La Voie published an article suggesting the presence of Bedie had brought local team ASEC bad luck during their defeat by Orlando Pirates of South Africa in the final of the African Champions Cup in December .
Seeing this, Míriel changes her mind and announces that Númenor will send an army to the Southlands after all
Thomas Gogele ( Germany ) 67 65 , Paul Broadhurst 62 70 ,
The chapter that follows is "The Chaining of Melko"
Peru 's guerrillas kill one , take 8 hostage in jungle .
When he and his kin reached Aman, they chose to remain there in both Tol Eressëa and Alqualondë, apart from the rest of the Elves of Aman
( Spain ) 6-1 6-2
" We have an election where there are so many unknown variables that most people will probably want to hold fire , and even take the chance that they will have to pay higher prices for stocks after the November election , than take the risk that a shock to the system will hurt the stock market , " Geraghty said .
Higgins was also an "inaugural" member of the online Mythgard Institute, founded by Corey Olsen, and is currently a Visiting Lecture and board member there
A 13-year-old Dallas boy has been charged with murdering his adoptive mother over the weekend , police said on Monday .
The influence of Gondor upon the Northmen was reinforced with the dispatch of Prince Valacar to Rhovanion as an emissary, although this would have unintended consequences
Windbeam does not appear in the final version of the third book
Christopher Tolkien also outlines (without reproducing) an alternative story of the Lamps his father had written, the earliest version of the creation of the Two Trees, a different account of the Valars mansions, and a complicated tale explaining the role of Mandos (named "Vefántur Mandos") and the afterlife of Elves and Men
Doctors caring for Mother Teresa in a Calcutta hospital said on Saturday that her fever had fallen and her malaria was under control but she remained on a respirator in intensive care .
Faulding said the claims in the lawsuit are without merit and will not impact upon the launch of Kadian in the United States .
What clothes did the peoples of Middle-Earth wear? A. Tolkien writes that he doesnt know the detail of clothing, but there are general ideas for some of the cultures
Media reports say that at most 10 of 23 Sakigake members , joined by a handful of Social Democrats , will follow Hatoyama when he bolts -- far short of the 50 lawmakers needed to topple Hashimoto 's eight-month-old government .
1908 - U.S. film director Edward Dmytryk born .
Idril, also called Celebrindal, was a Ñoldorin Elf of Gondolin
The first Sundering of the Elves then took place when the Eldar, the name that was given by Oromë to the Elves using their own tongue, departed from Cuiviénen to Valinor
Buyers also snapped up 16 other items that were put up for auction by Hendrix 's former girlfriend Kathy Etchingham , who lived with him from 1966 to 1969 .
Michael Conlon
CRICKET - ESSEX POISED TO STEP UP TITLE CHALLENGE .
It was also around this time that the Rammas Echor, the great wall encircling the rich farmlands and suburbs of the city, was built
Leon Barkho
Tajikistan , which borders Afghanistan and China , has been split by a dragging four-year conflict after a civil war between communists and a frail coalition of Islamic and liberal groups .
Unbeknownst to any of them, Azogs army was marching in secret through Rhûn using tunnels dug by Were-worms, while Bolg mustered yet another army from Gundabad
9. Lamont Smith ( U.S. ) 21.08
Romania 's state budget deficit jumped sharply in June to 1,242.9 billion lei for the January-June period from 596.5 billion lei in January-May , official data showed on Wednesday .
1. Miss Stamper 3-1 joint-favourite ( ridden by David Harrison )
BUDAPEST 1996-08-22
Thomas , Harold Baines and Robin Ventura each collected three hits .
This beauty satiates the desires of the Valar, and gems are even given as gifts to all of the Valar except Melko
During the War of the Ring, Frodo and the Fellowship encountered Cave-trolls alongside various Orcs within Moria
The army of the Last Alliance entered Saurons realm and laid siege to the Barad-dûr
They tried to get the Dwarves of Belegost to help them, but they refused
He was immediately entranced and mesmerized by her beauty but still able to explain his desire to drink of the Limpë
Essendon 21 13 1 7 2130 1947 109.4 54
The Balchoth were a fierce group of Easterlings
A U.N. official in Baghdad said the KDP , backed by Iraqi tanks , heavy artillery and helicopters had taken control of the main northern Iraqi city of Arbil after fighting on Saturday .
Frankfurt DAX-3O index -- 2,583.49 ( Jul 5/96 )
LONDON 1996-08-24
His son Ar-Adûnakhôr then abandoned the old traditions, and began officially using the Adûnaic form of his name
Mithrim was also home to Sindarin Elves, who soon mingled with the Ñoldor after they had learned Sindarin
Saeed Anwar c Mullally b Irani 57
In "", he appears in a scene in which Bilbo, using the Ring on his finger to hide himself, steals the dungeon cell keys from him Galion and Feren while they are drunk and asleep
7. Ryo 38:34.682
He later hides in a catapult attached to a dead troll, watching as Gandalf confronts another Troll, unsuccessfully trying to use his staffs power
In the card game, Calphon is largely associated with his special ability
One elderly man , who declined to give his name , said two of his sons were now refugees in Moscow and the other two had left to fight for the opposition .
The Himalayan kingdom , sandwiched between China and India , has traditionally sought to maintain close cooperation with its giant neighbours , and an equal distance from the two .
Tillekeratne , Roshan Mahanama , Kumara Dharmasena , Chaminda Vaas ,
At the time of the War of the Ring, Bree-land was the only part of Middle-earth where Men and hobbits dwelt together
The last four lines are recited by Arwen upon her return to Rivendell as she stands before the shards of Narsil
Company name Liu Chong Hing Investment Ltd
France on Friday expelled another African man seized in a police raid on a Paris church as about 100 Air France workers denounced " charters of shame " used to fly illegal immigrants home .
Úvanimor feared the sinews of Tulkas arm and his iron-clad fists, when he had cause for wrath
It is said that he spoke many languages of birds and was a friend to them and all animals
Before the Orc army arrived, there was an initial skirmish between Thranduils army and Dáin Ironfoots forces
" These rules are intended to empower all investors , by allowing their orders to compete on a level playing field , and by providing the disclosure they need to make informed decisions , " said SEC Chairman Arthur Levitt .
The same basic roots are present in Quenya; "Formenos", the "Northern Fortress" Fëanor built in Valinor
It has been said that the Black Uruks of Barad-dûr came from this forsaken place, hiding there after the ruin of their Master in the Second Age, awaiting his return
1901 - In China , the Boxer Rising which attempted to drive out all foreigners officially ended with the signing of the Peking Protocol .
In "The Lord of the Rings Online", the three elder sons of Isildur appear in an extended flashback set during the Siege of Barad-dûr in the year S.A
The curved, rectangular, two-foot by three-foot Easterling shield had concave top and bottom edges and was made with brass that surrounded a dark-brown square
Antonella Bellutti ( Italy ) 3:32.174 caught and eliminated Rasa
Elrond was sent to Eregion by Gil-galad with reinforcements
In Peter Jacksons of "," the gifts differ somewhat: Sam receives only a length of Elven rope, Merry and Pippin receive Ñoldorin daggers, Aragorn receives only an Elven knife and not the Elfstone or a scabbard, and Boromir is given no gift
King Folcwine desired to lead his men personally but was counselled not to do so, instead command of the Éoherë of Rohan was entrusted to his elder twin sons Prince Folcred and Prince Fastred and although the allied forces of Rohan and Gondor were victorious at the Battle of the Crossings of Poros, the price paid by Rohan was great, as both Folcred and Fastred were slain
292 Iain Pyman 71 75 75 71 , David Gilford 69 74 77 72 , Peter Hedblom ( Sweden ) 70 75 75 72 , Stephen McAllister 73 76 69 74 .
" Moura physically and verbally provoked Cyprien during the match .
It plays as Frodo, entranced, walks towards the Fellbeast at Osgiliath
Huber , who reached the final a week ago at Manhattan Beach , could only mourn her luck of the draw .
Israeli Foreign Minister David Levy will visit Egypt this Sunday for talks with President Hosni Mubarak , the Foreign Ministry said on Wednesday .
The Three Prayers were ancient ceremonies amongst the Númenóreans that gave praise to the coming of the seasons and to Eru Ilúvatar
2. Yoelvis Quesada ( Cuba ) 17.44
Afterward, the Valar went to Valinor and Yavanna sang into existence the Two Trees, silver Telperion and golden Laurelin
The Rohirrim eventually won, taking Isengard by starving out the Dunlendings in TA 2759 and guarding it for Gondor
But he said the international community had to be prepared for the worst and avoid a replay of the horrors in neighbouring Rwanda , where widespread genocide broke out against the Tutsis two years ago .
In earlier versions of the legendarium, Handir had been named Bethos, and he was slain in a battle
Since taking over as captain from Neale Fraser in 1994 , Newcombe 's record in tandem with Roche , his former doubles partner , has been three wins and three losses .
With one out in the fifth Ken Griffey Jr and Edgar Martinez stroked back-to-back singles off Orioles starter Rocky Coppinger ( 7-5 ) and Jay Buhner walked .
In "The Hobbit" movie trilogy Gundabad Orkish is spoken by Orc characters amongst each other, unlike in the prior trilogy "The Lord of the Rings", in which Orcs speak primarily the Common Tongue
Two people were killed when a hand grenade exploded in a restaurant near Algiers late on Friday , Algerian radio reported on Saturday .
Chechnya must be accorded the maximum autonomy possible within the framework of Russian integrity , " said Cotti .
Germany ) 72 72 72 76
It is mentioned in the appendices of "The Return of the King" that it is likely that the Witch-king aroused the Barrow-wights in the nearby Barrow-downs while camped at Andrath
When Frodo, Sam, Merry, and Pippin were imprisoned by a Barrow-wight, Tom Bombadil destroyed the Wight and found the four daggers for the hobbits among the stored treasure
Suddenly, a pack of wargs, with a dozen or so warg-riders appear on either side of the chariot and attack the goats pulling the chariot and the Dwarves mounted on it
In TA 1248, Minalcar led a great army out of Gondor and met a large Easterling army somewhere between Rhovanion and the Sea of Rhûn
The revered Roman Catholic nun was admitted to the Calcutta hospital a week ago with high fever and severe vomiting .
The Stoors also had their own dialect of Hobbitish, owing to the fact that they spent some time in Dunland and adopted many strange words and names which they took to the Shire, and retained even until the late Third Age
Fortunately he had left a garrison of 1000 men at the Hornburg and sent most of the inhabitants of Westfold to shelter there
"[Elegost lies motionless on the ground as two Wargs slowly get closer to him]" Berethor: A man..
He used their desire for power to convince them to renounce Eru and worship Morgoth
Petrobulk Rainbow 28 24/8 Okinawa / Inchon $ 190,000 Honam .
Green trees with scented flowers, singing birds, eagles, and sailing ships were all effects created through Gandalfs work with colored smokes and lights
The term Men of the West is a general term used in the late Third Age that referred in particular to the Dúnedain, the descendants of the Númenóreans, but also their allies
SAN DIEGO 1996-08-26
Lúthien Ælfwine drinks of the Limpë (much like Ing before him), but thirsted for his home, and went back to Luthany
When Éomer and his men had departed, the three eventually traced the Hobbits steps into Fangorn, and there met Gandalf the White
Both went to the aid of Gondor when Ithilien was invaded by the Haradrim in TA 2885 and were slain in the Battle of the Crossings of Poros
While mining beneath the Lonely Mountain, they discovered the Arkenstone at the heart of the Mountain
They are the humans of Middle-earth, and the second of the Children of Ilúvatar
Sam Nelson 312-408-8721
" We are stubborn , have strength and time to persist until our demands are met , " said the factory 's trade union secretary Dragutin Stanojlovic .
Although the Elvish languages Sindarin and Quenya are the most famous and the most mature languages of those that Tolkien invented for his mythology, they were not near to the only ones
" Before when I was on tour , I always felt I had to be in bed by 9:30 or 10 o'clock and I had to be up at a certain time , " Rafter said . "
Lucy Tyler-Sharman ( Australia ) 3:35.087 beat Svetlana
Traders said the U.S. cash market remains well above the benchmark Thai price which limited gains .
They returned in TA 1944, linking up with the Haradrim to attack Gondor from north and south
Huge and monstrous war trolls as well as flesh starved wargs joined the massive Orc host
At some point in the Second Age, around the forging of the Rings of Power, Alatar and Pallando were chosen to become the first of the Istari, and were sent to the east of Middle-earth to stir up rebellion against Sauron and assist the few tribes of Men who had refused to worship Morgoth in the First Age
2. Peter Johansson ( Sweden ) Husqvarna
The 30-share DAX index in Frankfurt closed up 6.48 at 2,558.84 .
It welcomed the international criticism of Israel 's settlement policies but called for practical steps to force the Israeli government to abandon this policy .
Blair once pledged to set up a Scottish parliament if the Labour won the next general election , which must be held by May 1997 .
Australia beat Zimbabwe by 125 runs in the first match of the Singer World Series one-day ( 50 overs ) cricket tournament on Monday .
Belegost was a Sindarin word for "mighty or great fortress"
Following the death of Smaug, the people of Lake-town asked Thorin for a share of the treasure, as they wanted recompense for the destruction of their home, a part of Smaugs treasure originating from their former city, and because a man of Lake-town who shot the fatal arrow that killed Smaug
The Russian ate up the ground in a swift last lap to shave 0.36 seconds off the previous best of 2:29.34 set by Mozambique 's Maria Mutola in the same stadium in August last year .
Another put the premium for jet kerosene at between 65 and 75 cents .
4. Ato Boldon ( Trinidad ) 10.12
In the first millennium of the Third Age, King Ciryaher stormed across the Harnen with a large army and routed the Men of Harad
The Blue Mountains arose sometime after the tumultuous chaos caused by Melkors destruction of the Two Lamps that destroyed the perfect symmetry of Arda
In a lengthy debate on Burundi before the U.N. Security Council , Ambassador Nsanze Terence said the new military government took over to stabilise the country and wanted negotiations under former Tanzanian President Julius Nyrere .
Wang was jailed for two years for organising street protests after the military brutally crushed pro-democracy demonstrations by students at Beijing 's Tiananmen Square on June 4 , 1989 , with heavy loss of life .
After that time every following Age was counted in the Years of the Sun exclusively
Robert Alan Koeneke wrote the original version at the University of Oklahoma after he became hooked on the first roguelike game, "Rogue", but could not run it on the VAX 11/780 computer running VMS to which he had access
In the middle of the kit, a torch can be turned to activate a spin-wall which reveals The Necromancer
Berlin , Brussels and Zurich all belong to the most lucrative series in the sport , the Golden Four .
Panama - Jorge Luis Dely Valdes ( 50th )
Thus, the Edain became divided into three distinct peoples with their own language and appearance
The One Ring is a symbol of sin
Calls for aid between Gondor and Rohan were exchanged by a messenger carrying the Red Arrow instead
Jose Eduardo Dutra , who had drawn up the bill .
During the battle, Gamling heard Gimlis warning that Orcs had entered a culvert under the Deeping Wall and led the Men of the Westfold in a charge that drove the Orcs back
An estimated 50,000 Algerians and more than 110 foreigners have been killed in Algeria 's violence pitting Moslem rebels against the Algerian government forces since early 1992 , when the authorities cancelled a general election in which radical Islamists took a commanding lead .
1. Stefka Kostadinova ( Bulgaria ) 2.03 metres
Elrond has one piece of advice to temper the ill news; If Aragorn takes the Paths of the Dead, with the power of Andúril he will be able to call forth an army greater than any living army, and with that army he will have a chance to stop the Corsairs and save Arwen
-- Chicago newsdesk , 312-408-8787
MEXICO CITY 1996-08-26
However, the Teleri themselves considered it to be an independent language and the phonology of the two languages differed much, with Telerin often being more conservative than Quenya
Lockhart , based in Paramount , Calif. , is a designer and manufacturer of sophisticated thermal management products .
The Tigers won their third straight and halted a seven-game road losing streak behind Justin Thompson ( 1-2 ) , who earned his first major-league win .
It plays during the scene in which Gandalf introduces Radagast to Bilbo
Calenardhon is a Sindarin word meaning Green region
Analysts blame , at least partly , Hungary 's macroeconomic environment for the weaker figures for Cofinec which , operating in Hungary , Poland and the Czech Republic , now generates about 55 to 60 percent of its annual sales from Hungary .
"The Atlas of Middle-earth" by Karen Wynn Fonstad suggests that the genesis of Udûn was linked to the formation of Mount Doom
Athrabeth Finrod ah Andreth was a discussion between two characters in "Morgoths Ring", an Elven king Finrod Felagund and Andreth, a mortal woman, about the metaphysical differences between Elves and Men
NEW YORK 1996-08-25
I knew I would score even if he fielded it cleanly , he could n't throw me out . "
His ships names were Entulessë and Númerrámar, which were docked at a quay attached to his house, located in the southern side of the firth of Rómenna
In the middle of Arda, where the light of the lamps mingled, amid the Great Lake lay the Isle of Almaren, where the Valar dwelt
It was liberated with the help of Frodo, Sam, Merry and Pippin after the end of the Quest of the Ring
Thorin II Oakenshield is the Leader of the Company, the King of Durins Folk and former Prince of Erebor, has many of the speaking roles and is known for combat achievements, killing Orcs on countless occasions
The surviving members of the company later kneel by his body as a mark of respect, before he is eventually entombed with Orcrist and the Arkenstone
Later, the Grey Company presumably accompanied Aragorn and the army of the west to the Battle at the Black Gate
He abandoned them after delivering the treasure to Thingol of Doriath
ISS said that the deal included ISS Inc operations in Mexico and the sale of ISS Inc interests in Brazil would be discussed .
The river only appears in earlier versions of the map J.R.R. Tolkien drew for "The Lord of the Rings", and is mentioned only in "The History of Middle-earth"
5. Louise McPaul ( Australia ) 62.06
The All Blacks salvaged some pride by scoring two tries from centre Walter Little and scrum-half Justin Marshall in the final five minutes to close a gap which at one point stood at 24 points .
South Africa - Tries : Joost van der Westhuizen ( 2 ) , Andre Joubert .
"I sit beside the fire and think" "of all that I have seen," "of meadow-flowers and butterflies" "in summers that have been;" "Of yellow leaves and gossamer" "in autumns that there were," "with morning mist and silver sun""and wind upon my hair." "I sit beside the fire and think" "of how the world will be" "when winter comes without a spring" "that I shall ever see" "For still there are so many things" "that I have never seen:" "in every wood in every spring" "there is a different green." "I sit beside the fire and think" "of people long ago," "and people who will see a world" "that I shall never know." "But all the while I sit and think" "of times there were before," "I listen for returning feet" "and voices at the door." Tom, Bert, and William ("Bill") Huggins were three trolls encountered by Bilbo Baggins in the Trollshaws, while with Thorin and Company on their quest to regain the Lonely Mountain
Many Teleri were slain, and all their ships commandeered, many of them wrecked in the waves
Vinyamars population was primarily Ñoldor, with a large influx of Sindarin elves
Tuilë was the Quenya name for the season in the Calendar of Imladris which corresponds with spring
These stood in his court, "and the Tree which he made of gold was named "Glingal", and the Tree whose flowers he made of silver was named "Belthil""
Events from Valinor during the Years of the Sun cannot be accurately dated
The player does not meet Dúnhere until the Druadan Forest on the day before the Rohirrim army arrives to Minas Tirith
DUBLIN 1996-08-31
Vardamir is a Quenya name meaning "Jewel of Varda"
for , against , points ) :
Former Secretary of State James Baker made a secret trip to Syria in March 1995 in an unsuccessful bid to break an impasse in negotiations between Syria and Israel , the Washington Post reported on Thursday .
While from the Adûnaic spoken in the Faithfuls colonies of Eriador and Gondor descended Westron, also known as the "Common Speech" because it was the most common mannish language in Middle-earth, the equivalent of English, though it was influenced by Sindarin and other languages in Eriador
Gasoline prices were notionally unchanged from Friday despite sagging NYMEX numbers , with the arbitrage window to the U.S. considered closed for the moment .
Kaczmarek said in May he was unhappy that only one investor ended up bidding for Ruch , in which the government was initially offering up to 35 percent of shares with an option to extend the holding after investment promises are fulfilled .
Christopher Edgerly (born August 6, 1969) is an American voice actor, comedian, and singer
MINNESOTA AT MILWAUKEE
The Haradrim were passing through Ithilien and were suddenly assailed at range
Out of the Frying-Pan into the Fire is the sixth chapter of J.R.R Tolkiens "The Hobbit"
The Dole campaign released a letter Friday inviting their Clinton counterparts to meet with Dole campaign manager Scott Reed to discuss particulars of the televised debates .
18. Miguel Angel Martin ( Spain ) 182,533
It was here below the tower that Fëanor and his seven sons swore their oath to retrieve the Silmarils and defeat Morgoth
He sailed east with Fuinur and settled in the lands of Harad; the two became lords among the Haradrim
Montenegrin midfielder Dejan Savicevic equalised for the home team , weaving past a defender , checking and firing in a left-footed shot in the 21st minute that gave young Fiorentina goalkeeper Francesco Toldo little chance .
Atlantic City police said Thursday they were seeking two men and two women in connection with a $ 690,000 theft of jewelry and cash from a guest of the Showboat Hotel and Casino .
The palantíri were meant to be used by the Dúnedain to communicate and gain information throughout the Realms in Exile
He got on brilliantly with Thorin, and seemed to share something of a grandfatherly view of the latter
McGrath left out of Ireland World Cup squad .
RAMALLAH , West Bank 1996-08-28
The previous mark of 2:29.34 was set by Mozambique 's Maria Mutola here on August 25 last year .
Kimberly Po ( U.S. ) beat Kristina Brandi ( U.S. ) 6-1 6-4
metres ) at The Curragh on Saturday :
7. Ivan Garcia ( Cuba ) 20.45
4. El Hassane Lahssini ( Morocco ) 7:32.44
Gatera said the refugees were handed over following a deal made at a meeting between the governor of Zaire 's north Kivu region and his counterpart in the Rwandan border town of Gisenyi .
Those of the Lindar who undertook the Great Journey were called the Teleri
Four Harfoots came, thinking to rescue the Stranger, but were quickly cornered by the mystics, Sadoc Burrows suffering a mortal wound from the Nomads dagger
A habit which set them apart from the Harfoots who lived in the mountain foothills, and the Fallohides who lived in forests far to the north, was that Stoors preferred flat lands and riversides
" The plant is functioning as usual , " Jose Manuel Prieto , director of personnel , told Spanish state television .
Due to his nearly undisputed rule over most all of the Men in Middle-earth, Sauron claimed the title of King of Men inspiring his subjects to worship him and cultivating much fear amongst them
Add Women 's singles , third round Lisa Raymond ( U.S. ) beat Kimberly Po ( U.S. ) 6-3 6-2
ANKARA 1996-08-28
During the War of the Ring, while wearing the One Ring at Amon Hen upon the seat of seeing, Frodo Baggins saw many things from afar, including the land of the Beornings aflame
Eldamo (Elvish Data Model), or An Elvish Lexicon, is a linguistic website compiling a full lexicon of all J.R.R. Tolkiens invented languages through his lifetime, not only the Eldarin family
With the Antler crown in possession of Chief Turc he could claim the right to be the leader of all Dunlendings
Elemmírë means star-jewel in Quenya a compound fusion of the two words elen and mírë; a situation in which n joined with m becomes mm
" We 're investigating with the idea that both fires may be arson , but that has n't been conclusively established , " said Wayne Jordan , a spokesman for the Arkansas State Police .
A prison official said Yassin had a mild case of pneumonia .
The U.S. defense officials said military flights to enforce no-fly zones in both northern and southern Iraq doubled over the weekend .
It was published in 2003 by Houghton Mifflin (US), and contains over 600 preliminary sketches, paintings, and designs
Iran subsequently said it regretted the incident , which it said had been the result of a misunderstanding .
SOCCER - THOMSON RESIGNS AS MANAGER OF RAITH ROVERS .
HONG KONG 1996-08-23
Honduras beat Cuba 4-0
IRAQ
Stybba was the pony given by Théoden to Merry Brandybuck
However, Azog floats back to the surface, and stabs Thorin in the foot from under the ice
King Calimehtar first built the White Tower in TA 1900 in order to house the palantír
3 - Anton Drobnjak ( Bastia ) , Vladimir Smicer ( Lens ) , Miladin
Ruth Perry , the woman with the task of uniting Liberia 's squabbling factions around the latest peace plan , will be formally installed as head of the ruling State Council next Tuesday , a Council statement said .
" Stocks are on a delicate edge because if something happens that looks like it could upset the presidency , it could throw the political and , to some extent the economic , process into chaos , " Geraghty said .
Ballanger beat Neumann 2-0 ( 11.959 / 12.225 )
Filled with outrage, Fingons army charged forward onto the plains of Anfauglith
The first portion of the campaign involves pickup trucks equipped with billboards that were driving along some of the nation 's busiest interstate highways during the Labor Day weekend , including Interstate 95 on the East Coast , Interstates 80 and 90 in the Midwest and Interstate 5 in California .
His original name was Teleporno, a Telerin name which means "Silver-high", from Quenya, "tyelpe" ("silver")
Then darkness took Gandalf, and he passed away
The Dunlendings appear as both enemies and allies in "The Lord of the Rings Online", and, like most Hill-men in the game, are based loosely on Celtic tribes
-- Amsterdam newsroom , +31 20 504 5000 ( Fax +31 20 504 5040 )
It was one of the three Mountains of Moria, along with Caradhras and the Fanuidhol, under which lay the ancient Dwarf realm of Khazad-dûm
Believing their victory complete, and Gondor defenceless before them and apparently unaware of the defeat of their allies in the south, the Wainriders paused in North Ithilien to celebrate their conquest
Súlimo literally means "the Breather", from the Quenya "súlimë" ("wind") and Sindarin "sûl" ("wind")
The Númenóreans turned away from the Valar, began to call the Gift of Men the "Doom of Men" and cursed the Ban of the Valar which forbade them to sail west beyond sight of Númenor or to enter Valinor
Genoa appealed after their defeat last Saturday on the grounds that Lecce striker Jonathan Bachini , who came on in the 71st minute with his team leading 2-0 , still had a one-match suspension to serve from last season .
The Lake-men gathered what men they had left and joined the Elves in front of the gate, hoping to get some of the treasure in order to rebuild the town
Melanie Cheary
Philippoussis is on course for a third round meeting with world number one Pete Sampras of the United States , whom he beat at the Australian Open last January .
A sea-serpent is called lingwilókë in Quenya, and an applicable name in Ñoldorin is lhimlug
2. Moore 34
Meduseld was a large hall with a straw roof, which made it appear as if it was made out of gold when seen from far off
ROME 1996-08-28
It was through the vale that an army of Orcs marched from the fortress, led by the Witch-king of Angmar, towards Gondor to besiege Minas Tirith in the year TA 3019
KIGALI 1996-08-24
Tanya Dubnicoff ( Canada ) beat Michelle Ferris ( Australia ) 2-0 ,
Israel announced this week the expansion of Jewish West Bank settlements surrounding Jerusalem and the demolition of an Arab community centre in East Jerusalem .
Sauron came (as "Annatar") and was soon the master of the Kings council, and the Kings Men fell even further into the Shadow, convincing many of the faithless to worship Morgoth
He survived the battle and was left in charge of 3000 Rohirrim in Minas Tirith while the Army of the West rode to the Black Gate
WASHINGTON 1996-08-30
With Osgiliath now completely in the hands of Mordor and the Causeway Forts breached, the vast army of Sauron marched from the city and surrounded Minas Tirith, beginning the Siege of Gondor and leading directly into the Battle of the Pelennor Fields
Ravanelli aggravated a foot injury in the 1-0 defeat at Chelsea on Wednesday and was given only an even chance of playing at Nottingham Forest on Saturday by his manager Bryan Robson .
" The industry saw capacity expansion of about 13 percent over 1994/95 from 77.79 million tonnes to 87.45 million tonnes , " Palkhivala told shareholders .
Hamilton ( 12-7 ) won his second straight start , allowing just a sixth-inning run and a pair of singles .
- Pakistan and Iran have agreed to expand and strengthen political , trade and economic relations .
In the conference call , Frater said he regarded Cofinec GDRs -- which are trading below their issue price of 6,425 forints -- as a buying opportunity .
But the Council of Gondor, perhaps offended by his assertion of the rights of Isildurs descendants in Gondor, and certainly seeing the northern prince as a weak candidate, instead offered the crown to Eärnil, the general responsible for victory over the Wainriders and a distant cousin of Gondors late King
The Barrow-blades were daggers or short swords forged in Arnor in the mid-Third Age
Although not officially announced, it is believed Buffo may have lived around 250 years before the War of the Ring
He was taken prisoner and his two remaining Silmarils were confiscated
The name Elladan is Sindarin for "Elf-Man" or "Elf-Dúnadan," referring to his dual descent from both Elves and Edain (a name given to those descending from the three houses of Men from Beleriand)
ST LOUIS AT COLORADO
In St Louis , Gary Sheffield and Devon White each drove in two runs and Mark Hutton scattered four hits over six innings to lead the Florida Marlins past the St. Louis Cardinals , 6-3 ,
The Star of the Dúnedain was a silver brooch in the shape of a star, worn by the Rangers of the North
Eönwë, the herald of Manwë, declared that because of their evil deeds the remaining Sons of Fëanor had lost all right to the Silmarils
Tami Whitlinger Jones ( U.S. ) beat Sandra Cecchini ( Italy ) 6-2 6-0
Mardil was the first of the Stewards to administer Gondor, and his descendants did so for 25 generations
SUMMARY- Showers 0.25-1.30 inch ( 6-33 mm ) and locally heavier through much of India , 75 percent coverage .
Drogo Baggins was a Hobbit of the Shire and the father of Frodo Baggins, who was one of the many bearers of the One Ring
The Netherlands drew 2-2 with
6. Breukink same time
Runsig was a Man of the Third Age, created by Warner Bros
285 Costantino Rocca ( Italy ) 71 73 72 69
Frodo was given an hour alone to decide how the Fellowship would proceed in their quest
Elros, the Half-elven and the first King of Númenor, had chosen the life of Men, while his brother Elrond chose the life of Elves
Sometime in the early Third Age, the Stoors likely adopted this language when making abode in or near Dunland
His Westron name was Ogmandab Zaragamba, which means "great-grandfather"
After the end of the War of Wrath and the ruin of Nogrod and Belegost, many of the Dwarves of those cities migrated to Khazad-dûm, swelling its population and intermingling with Durins Folk
CALCUTTA 1996-08-27
The language barrier was not a major problem due to the similarities between the tongue of the Bëorians, which had been influenced by the Elves they had met earlier, and the Sindarin tongue
Forhend was one of the guards under the command of Manthor who came across weary Húrin in Haudh-en-Elleth, immediately after the events recounted in "The Children of Húrin." When Manthor, who recognized Húrin, left towards Obel Halad (the Hall of the Haladin) to assist Húrin in his errand, he took only him and Forhend along
12. Johnny Herbert ( Britain ) Sauber 1:53.993
Sandra Dopfer ( Austria ) beat Nanne Dahlman ( Finland ) 2-6 6-2
Marriner said that NATO troops had set up a checkpoint on the road between Tuzla and Mahala to establish the identities and intentions of the men headed towards the village .
TALLINN 1996-08-27
The Northmen of Rhovanion was also brought under full influence of Gondor
India has often accused Pakistan of abetting militancy in the valley , a charge Islamabad has always denied .
The Dourhands were an ancient clan of Dwarves that inhabited Eriador
In response to a question , Commission spokesman Joao Vale de Almeida said there had been no developments regarding the Commission 's position concerning the dispute with Germany and Saxony over state aid to Volkswagen .
UK lowers noise limits for three London airports .
The official Iraqi News Agency ( INA ) quoted Iraq 's ambassador in Khartoum as saying that Iraq 's embassy in the Sudanese capital had nothing to do with the Monday night hijacking .
The Battle of Sarn Athrad was fought resulting in the recovery of the Nauglamír with the Silmaril, which passed into the hands of Dior, and the Sons of Fëanor attempted to take the Silmaril though failed, for Elwing escaped with it
third and final test between England and Pakistan at The Oval on
" The worst thing that could happen for financial markets is that if Clinton and Dole start to trade shots in the middle of the ring with one-upmanship , " said Hugh Johnson , chief investment officer at First Albany Corp. " That 's when Wall Street will need to worry . "
While in Fangorn Forest on February 29, 3019, the hobbits" "Merry and Pippin drank of Treebeards magical Ent-draughts in Wellinghall, which increased their growth
Austria at Croatia
For this reason, every posthumous attempt to build a complete grammar, inferring some rules, knowing the etymological-derivational mechanics and introducing productive standardization, regularization and even reconstruction, would be totally conventional and subjective
NEW YORK 1996-08-28
In the Second Age, the Dark Lord Sauron was challenged by an alliance of Men and Elves (from Númenor and Lindon, respectively)
After capturing and interrogating Gollum, Faramir discovers how Boromir died and that Frodo carries the One Ring
The name "Baranduin "was Sindarin for "golden-brown river"
Afterwards, he disappeared for many years causing many of his people to linger in Middle-earth to search for him
Valacirca was a Quenya name that meant Sickle of the Valar
He said police were investigating the incident and patrols around diplomatic offices in Surabaya would be stepped up .
A letter to the Belgrade embassy on Monday under the name of the Macedonian Communist Party demanded South Korea release detained student leaders , a ministry spokesman said .
Lindon in particular suffered great loss from the advance of the coasts, whereas the coasts had retreated to the east and south of the Bay of Belfalas, leaving Pelargir much further inland than it had been and nearly destroying Tolfalas
Pale Blade was the sword borne by the Witch-king of Angmar in the "Lord of the Rings Trading Card Game"
Remaining faithful to Tolkiens diachronic approach in languages developing, the scholars of Tolkien Linguistics chose to reconstruct Elvish languages since to their early stage of development
VanLandingham ( 8-13 ) , who entered the game with one complete game in the first 56 starts of his career , limited the Phillies to two hits and two walks with four strikeouts .
Manchester United 2 ( Cruyff 39th minute , Solskjaer 70th )
BONN 1996-08-31
Rohirric armies are also known to favour the shield-wall, which was a strategy commonly employed by the Anglo-Saxons
Nilis 42nd , Cocu 54th , 67th ) .
Huan, however, broke with his master and helped Lúthien escape, foiling his scheme
LONDON 1996-08-30
In announcing its decision , Penn Treaty said it " will continue to actively pursue entering into the New York long-term care market through licensing or by acquisition . "
After taking refuge in the Hornburg, he was forced to fight and defend the fortress from Sarumans army of Uruk-hai
Toronto-based Barrick , the world 's third largest gold producer , sweetened its July 11 bid to C$ 30 a share from C$ 27 on August 16 after a fresh batch of drill results from the Pierina deposit .
" This is rural Arkansas .
I 'll take it , " Edberg , who has announced that this will be his last Grand Slam event , said of the 3-6 6-3 6-3 1-0 victory .
Libyans are dressing up their capital Tripoli for celebrations on Sunday of the 27th anniversary of the coup which brought Muammar Gaddafi to power .
Thus from the ancestral language of the Haladin descended Drúadan, the language of the Lossoth of Forochel and some pre-Númenórean languages like the Dunlendish
URUS-MARTAN , Russia 1996-08-31
DAMASCUS 1996-08-30
It is suggested that the Maiar, in their service to the Valar in shaping the world, presumably could manipulate the elements and energies like their Valar counterparts
Obligated to bring the player and their companions before the King, he takes them with his Éored on their way to Edoras
The brothers arrived first and carried a banner of silver
ANKARA 1996-08-28
Israel plays down fears of war with Syria .
SOCCER - JONK RETURNS TO DUTCH SQUAD FOR BRAZIL FRIENDLY .
In order to ensure safe passage across Mordor for Frodo to fulfill his quest, Aragorn then led the Army of the West out from Minas Tirith to make a diversionary feint on the Black Gate of Mordor itself in the Battle of the Morannon
Now that the Men of the West had become powerful they came to resent the Gift of Men, death
He accomplished this in TA 1551 by invading Harad and winning a great victory over the Haradrim, proclaiming himself Hyarmendacil II, meaning in Quenya "South-victor" after his famous ancestor from the twelfth century of the Third Age
MOSCOW 1996-08-30
It was here that Gil-galad and Elendils armies met in SA 3431, when the Last Alliance of Elves and Men had been formed
Once the company reach the Woods of Lothlórien, Galadriel and Celeborn inquire about Gandalf
P. Prichard 88 , D. Robinson 72 ; M. Alleyne 4-80 ) .
It is used when Dáins army arrives at the Lonely Mountain
3. Bartoli 108
One prominent player that did not stay for the Open was French Open champion Yvegeny Kafelnikov , who after being dropped three spots from his ATP ranking to a seventh seeding , withdrew and returned home to Russia .
The hijack began on Monday when an Amman-bound plane was taken over shortly after it took off from Khartoum .
DUBAI 1996-08-29
In 2000, Iron Crown filed for bankruptcy, and as a result lost their Middle-earth license
Gimli volunteered to accompany the Fellowship to Mordor to destroy the One Ring
" Results of the registration for September elections herald a dismal future for multi-ethnicity in Bosia-Hercegovina , " warned Soren Jessen-Petersen , Special Envoy for the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees in Former Yugoslavia .
It features the song "Into the West", sung by Annie Lennox and featured as the films closing credit song
In addition, these weapons also seem to be kept as heirlooms, handed down from generation to generation, and were often seen displayed alongside the particular Elven familys bow and arrows
They shave their heads and fill their helmets with human blood, so that when they put on the helmets the blood runs down their backs and its scent sends them into a killing frenzy
" While the Dwarves of the Lonely Mountain are fleeing their home after Smaugs attack, Thranduil, riding an Elven elk, arrives with an army
He asked for proof from Gandalf that the Ring Frodo bore was indeed the One Ring of Sauron, and he wanted to know what Sarumans opinion was
Subsequently, the wizard held Gandalf captive on Orthancs pinnacle until he submitted in telling the location of the One Ring
4. Jean Alesi ( France ) 38
Eager to avenge his fathers death, Turambar assembled fresh armies and decisively defeated the Easterlings in a battle somewhere in the north-east of Gondor in TA 541
State Highway 27 and the Kinleith Branch railway run through the town
Automakers , U.S. agency plan air bag safety ads .
4. Erik Zabel ( Germany ) Telekom
Port of Tauranaga year profit climbs .
Upon a time, Tolkien decided that "Nargothrond" was instead an Sindarin form of a Dwarvish name, Narkathan, with the word "rond" (meaning "vaulted dome") added on
Unfortunately, it was also used by the many wicked peoples of Middle-earth wishing to invade the land beyond
RIA news agency quoted an army source accusing rebel fighters of failing to turn up for joint Russian-Chechen police patrols in some districts of the capital Grozny on Tuesday .
There Bilbo first finds the Arkenstone diamond, and then meets the dragon himself
Although the study of Tolkiens languages is as a rule not taken seriously by mainstream linguistics, a number of serious scholars have worked on compiling all that can be recovered about their histories and grammars
He plays a power-hungry lawyer in the movie described as " a tender and cruel comedy " by Lelouche , who is making his 35th film .
Nen Lalaith is Sindarin for water laughter
In the year TA 2941, Thorin and Company, led by Gandalf, came to the hall in search of shelter following their escape from a pack of wargs
Atletico Madrid 3 ( Juan Lopez 28th minute , Juan Esnaider 58th , Milinko Pantic 75th ) Barcelona 1 ( Hristo Stoichkov 55th ) .
Varda filled the lamps with light and Manwë hallowed them, and the Valar set them up on high pillars, Illuin in the furthest north upon the pillar of Helcar, Ormal in the deepest south upon the pillar of Ringil
COMEX copper ended higher after a late , modest recovery dragged the market from the lows , but traders shrugged-off an imminent strike at Codelco 's Salvador mine in Chile .
Sohail and Ijaz Ahmed then added 59 for the second wicket before England struck back with three wickets for 19 in the space of five overs .
4. Jarmo Kytolehto ( Finland ) Ford Escort 2:23
For Free Peoples side, "Tank" decks try to play as much as possible and build up as many companions to combat the opponents Shadow side with force
2. Johan Capiot ( Belgium ) Collstrop
( Sweden )
The quake struck at 11.16 a.m. ( 1716 GMT ) and was centred 10 miles ( 16 km ) south of the port of Quepos , which is 90 miles ( 140 km ) south of the capital San Jose , the Costa Rican Volcanic and Seismologicial Observatory said .
" But we must avoid giving the impression this peace deployment in former Yugoslavia is being perceived in the long run as an occupation .
For all the surviving Fellowship of the Ring - Elven cloaks personally woven by Galadriel and her maidens that helped shield their wearers from unfriendly eyes
Peter Greste
10. Jans Koerts ( Netherlands ) Palmans 34
SOCCER - BELARUS BEAT ESTONIA IN WORLD CUP QUALIFIER .
Saqlain Mushtaq 10-1-54-0 , Ata-ur-Rehman 3-0-14-0 , Mushtaq Ahmed
Lyon 2 ( Caveglia 23rd , Giuly 30th ) Nancy 0 .
The ailing Yassin is the spiritual leader of the fundamentalist Hamas group which has killed scores of Israelis in suicide attacks aimed at wrecking Israel-PLO peace deals .
BONN 1996-08-29
Martinez ( 11-7 ) , who lasted just 1-1/3 innings in his last start against San Diego five days ago , pitched eight-plus innings , walking four and striking out 10 .
Only Perry-the-Winkle befriended the troll, after finding him crying outside the Lockholes
Later he is seen leading an all-out assault on the Dwarf party in an attempt to kill their leader, Thorin - however the Orcs are distracted by the wizard Radagast the Brown, using his Rabbit-pulled sled to outrun the Orcs and their Wargs
In TA 2989, the Dwarves of the Lonely Mountain, descendants of the ancient Durins Folk ignited an attempt to reclaim and recolonize their ancestral dwelling - Khazad-dûm
After the destruction of the Two Lamps the Valar withdrew to Aman and created Valinor
The War of the Last Alliance was fought by the Last Alliance of Elves and Men against the Dark Lord Sauron in response to his threat of conquest
Relations with Russia , which is our main partner , have great importance , " Kuchma said .
Randall said .
Industry analysts Bloomsbury Minerals Economics ( BME ) said on Wednesday the motivation of the owners of the 85,000 tonnes , " whoever they are , is the most important short-term fundamental " in an already tight world market .
At Minnesota , Ken Hill allowed two runs en route to his sixth complete game of the season and Rusty Greer added three hits , including a homer , and two RBI as the red-hot Texas Rangers routed the Twins 11-2 .
Ferguson , who served six weeks in jail in late 1995 for head-butting an opponent , won the last of his five Scotland caps in December 1994 .
64 David J. Russell , Michael Campbell ( New Zealand ) , Ian
President Boris Yeltsin signed a decree on fighting crime in July and handed wide-ranging powers to security chief Alexander Lebed , currently engaged in making peace in breakaway Chechnya .
Then the Teleri built the ships and with the help of the swans, they came to Aman
By the end of the Third Age the Dominion of Men was at hand, and the Elves who remained in Middle-earth dwindled and became a secret people
BASEBALL - BRAVES SIGN NEAGLE .
At Colorado , Andres Galarraga homered and drove in three runs as the Colorado Rockies had 10 extra-base hits and Billy Swift won his first game in almost a year in a 9-5 rain-shortened seven-inning victory over the Cincinnati Reds .
The Wise of the people of Marach were the only Men to preserve the tale of their original sin, when, soon after their awakening, the Men chose to worship Melkor instead of Eru
They were due to leave Spain Monday night , arrive in Sao Paulo on Tuesday morning , catch another plane to the southern city of Curitiba one hour later and then play away to Atletico Paranaense in the Brazilian championship the same evening .
I had to fight hard . "
In other writings, Morgoth wanted to claim Arien as a wife, and ravished her, upon which she abandoned her body and "died", leaving the Sun to travel through the skies uncontrollably and burning parts of Arda
" Western investors ... will be investing in ADRs and I do not think people in Russia will be able to come up with the money for the underlying shares to drive the Russian shares to those levels , " Mokhoff said .
Following their escape from Goblin-town, Thorin and Company were set upon by a pack of wargs in the woods east of the Misty Mountains
Hamburg side St Pauli , tipped as prime candidates for relegation , produced a stunning second-half fightback to draw 4-4 in their Bundesliga clash with Schalke on Friday .
we suffered , " said Van Moer , who succeeded Paul Van Himst as coach in April .
Also describes the structure of the Shires governance from the Thain to the Shirriffs
The 27-year-old American hurried off the Stadium Court for treatment of an upset stomach after his two and a half hour struggle against Alami .
On route at the start of "The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies", Azog instructs his son Bolg to bring out an additional Orc army from Gundabad itself
"Meldis" was the Sindarin name for "Zimrahin", which means friend
Premier division
8. Martin Brundle ( Britain ) Jordan 1:52.977
Duran , 45 , takes on little-known Mexican Ariel Cruz , 30 , in a super middleweight non-title bout in Panama City .
Interfax quoted Russian military command in Chechnya as saying that about 200 interior ministry forces , sent on reconaisance mission , clashed with rebels at Minutka Square .
Roberto Carretero ( Spain ) vs. Jordi Burillo ( Spain )
S. Waugh c Campbell b Whittall 82
It is no coincidence that the Ring was made by Sauron, the main Satan figure
Philip Cocu scored twice in the second half to spur PSV Eindhoven to a 4-1 away win over NEC Nijmegen in the Dutch first division on Thursday .
South Africa 's truth commission begins issuing subpoenas this week in a bid to dig beneath the political rationales and find the sinister figures who have the blood of the country 's race war on their hands .
In fact, Falmarin and Nandorin (as well as Common Telerin) are not well attested as Sindarin
Arador was played by Iain Marshall in the fan-made film "Born of Hope"
In "The War of the Jewels", names of six tribes of Avari in their own languages are given, all being cognates of the Quenya term "Quendi" ("the Speakers"): Kindi, Cuind, Hwenti, Windan, Kinn-lai, Penni
Laura was born Laura Grubb of the Grubb family and had one sister Lavender Grubb
In 1994 a British television documentary called the myth around Mother Teresa a mixture of " hyperbole and credulity " .
" It did n't do as well as it could have , " said Rob Enderle , an analyst with Giga Information Group .
He had a white beard and long, white hair
Bosnia 's election organisers will decide on Tuesday whether or not to postpone municipal elections scheduled as part of nationwide balloting , an OSCE spokeswoman said on Monday .
"Zamîn" seems to be an Adûnaic name
There are many examples of this: the kings of Númenor who became witless and agonized by attempting to cling to life as long as possible (as opposed to earlier kings who gave up their lives willingly); Gollums transformation into a twisted and starved being after his life was stretched five times longer than natural, by the One Ring; Bilbo Baggins comment on his 111th birthday about feeling "thin and stretched," like "butter being spread on too much bread," this also is an effect of the One Ring
Canada government cash balances fall in week .
YEREVAN 1996-08-31
In particular Thingol is said to have been motivated in the Great Journey by his desire to see the Light of Valinor again (until he finds contentment in the light he sees in Melians face)
There have only been a few skirmishes in Guerrero in which a handful of police , soldiers and civilians have been killed or injured .
The clothing that the Men of Rhûn wore consisted of red leather gloves, black leather tall boots, burgundy long pants, a burgundy tunic with long sleeves, a burgundy headscarf, and a black facecloth
Fingon is the Sindarin version of his Quenya father-name Findekáno
Aside from the misadventure of Eöl, the splendor of Turgons reign in Gondolin was undisturbed until the Dagor Bragollach, when Turgon was brought his fathers body by Thorondor
FEATURE - Fertile Ukraine faces drought of cash and rain .
The Black Arrow was an heirloom of the house of Girion passed down to Bard
LONDON 1996-08-25
11. Jose Escuredo ( Spain ) 1:05.731
NEW YORK 1996-08-30
After decades of this torture, and after his family was all but dead, Morgoth released Húrin, feigning pity to an utterly defeated foe
The Army of the West, roughly 6,000 strong, led by Aragorn marched on the gate and faced a vastly larger force as a diversionary feint to distract Saurons attention from Frodo Baggins and Samwise Gamgee, who were carrying the One Ring through Mordor
The lands around and between Lossoth settlements are available for exploration and adventuring
The proper term is "Men of Twilight" (as opposed to the Dúnedain, "Men of Light", and the Haradrim and Easterlings, "Men of Darkness" etc.)
Bowling : Gough 8-0-39-3 , Mullally 6-0-30-1 , Headley
His will renewed, Grimbold finds Erkenbrand and his men and marches towards the Hornburg as part of the host led by Gandalf
While the company sleeps, Bilbo decides to leave and return to Rivendell, but before he can leave, they are captured by the Goblins of Goblin-town
But it slammed Damascus for creating what it called a dangerous atmosphere .
"Adar" is a Sindarin word meaning "father"
In earlier writings, Ingwë was named Inwë and known as King of all the Eldar of Kôr, or King of the Fairies, or Lord of the Teleri (instead of the Vanyar, as later), who led them to lands of Men
In the First Age, Túrin and his band of outlaws were led by Mîm the Petty-dwarf to his home at Amon Rûdh
Salang tunnel reopened linking Kabul with north .
" The problem of land is one of the most serious facing Brazil , " said Lucas Moreira Neves , president of the Catholic church 's National Conference of Bishops of Brazil .
7. Jean-Marc Gounon ( France ) / Eric Bernard ( France ) / Paul
They fought alongside Elves and Men and participated in some of the major battles of the First Age, including The First Battle of Beleriand and the Nírnaeth Arnoediad in which the Dwarves of Belegost won great renown for being the only ones able to stand against the dragon Glaurung, for it was their custom moreover to wear great masks in battle hideous to look upon, which set them good stead against dragons, and besides they were naturally able to resist fire better than Elves or Men
In this way, Westron (which also became known as the Common Speech) became the everyday language of most of the inhabitants of the realms, including later immigrants such as the Shire-folk; and even other nearby independent kingdoms and peoples, who had languages of their own, chose Westron for their dealings with foreigners, so that it became the language of trade and diplomacy throughout the West
They, along with Dwalin, charge to the defence of Bilbo and attack Azogs wargs when cornered on the clifftop
Freca was killed and Wulf led the Dunlendings into open war with Rohan
Finally, in Extended Edition, Smaug destroys the wind lance, which forces Bard to use his son, Bain, as the bow for the Black Arrow
Mark Philippoussis ( Australia ) beat 8 - Marc Rosset
Texas 's lead over Seattle in the West increased to six .
In earlier accounts Indor was the son of Fengel, the father of Peleg and grandfather of Tuor
The army from Gondor under Eärnur managed to destroy Angmar with help of Círdan, but Arthedain and all of Arnor were no more, and the kingship had ended
When Men came into Beleriand, King Thingol gave his permission for some of their peoples to settle there so long as they defended it
Saeed Anwar not out 116
After Eomer departs to war, the defense of Aldburg falls to his steward Arcil, who is often in disagreement with Eomers cousin Éothain
Shelob, using one of her many tunnels, ambushed and paralyzed Frodo with the intent to eat him later. However, Sam fought off Shelob using the Phial of Galadriel and Sting, and managed to wound her in the abdomen
DUBLIN 1996-08-31
In a climactic scene of the film, Azog and his band of Warg-riders finally catch up with Thorin and Company, who are forced to climb trees to escape the wargs
However, his desire to protect his people, and his inability to do so, left him vulnerable to the predations of the One Ring
All Dunlending men and women of age feature prominent facial markings, whether they are face paint or permanent tattoos is not specified
TOKYO 1996-08-23
Boatmen 's was the prize in Missouri , where barriers to outside acquirers were brought down last year by a federal banking statute .
2. Michael Green ( Jamaica ) , Osmond Ezinwa ( Nigeria ) , Oeji Aliu
Ambassador Robert Frowick , an American , heads the OSCE mission in Bosnia .
Wishing to impress his father Denethor, Faramir plans to take Frodo and the One Ring to Minas Tirith
7. Max van Heeswijk ( Netherlands ) Motorola 28
2. Gwen Torrence ( U.S. ) 11.00
The group began the U.S. tour , which is scheduled to last until September 18 , with a concert in Chicago on Tuesday at which Noel Gallagher filled in for his brother as lead singer .
TORONTO 1996-08-23
During the Battle of the Pelennor Fields, they led their bowmen to shoot at the eyes of the great mûmakil of the Haradrim, and were trampled to death
Sméagols "real" Westron name was "Trahald", of the meaning "burrowing, worming in or "apt to creep into a hole"
3. Seguy 24
1. Cathy Freeman ( Australia ) 49.48 seconds
BEIJING 1996-08-22
While Valacar was on his mission he married Vidumavi, the daughter of Vidugavia, the King of Rhovanion
Australia - Mark Waugh , Michael Slater , Ricky Ponting , Steve Waugh , Stuart Law , Michael Bevan , Ian Healy ( captain ) , Brad Hogg , Paul Reiffel , Damein Fleming , Glenn McGrath .
1. Dennis Mitchell ( U.S. ) 10.08
Mark Philippoussis ( Australia ) beat Andrei Olhovskiy ( Russia ) 6 - 3 6-4 6-2
1. Gabriela Szabo ( Romania ) 15 minutes 04.95 seconds
Club secretary Bernard Halford said in a statement : " The chairman and Board would like to place on record their appreciation of his endeavours and efforts whilst in his period of office and wish him well in the future . "
COMPETITIVE PRE-SALE CONTRIBUTED BY J.J. KENNY K-SHEETS :
The crown of Thingol, the Sindar King of Doriath was made of silver
Duinhir was the leader of Men from the uplands of Morthond, the Blackroot Vale, in Gondor
When Eärendil was resolved to sail to Aman to plea for help from the Valar, Falathar, along with Aerandir and Erellont, went with him and when they reached the shores of the Blessed Realm, he and others remained aboard while Eärendil sought the Valar
Arathorn is a Sindarin name that meant either "Eagle-king" or "Steadfast king." Vardamir Nólimon was the eldest child of Elros Tar-Minyatur, and second King of Númenor
Alex O'Brien ( U.S. ) beat Nicolas Lapentti ( Ecuador ) 6-4 1-6 6-4 6-3
As Tar-Ciryatan was greedy of wealth in these days, he received the pick of the many metals and gems that had been taken by his men in payment or as spoils of war
We need to get the kind of help we used to get when Ronald Reagan and George Bush were in the White House , " Wilson said .
" It is almost impossible to gain success in this , " it quoted Rosati as saying during a committee debate .
They had a great hatred for Morgoth and the Balrogs, and during the Fall of Gondolin they slew a number of the fell beasts, being the first of Elves and Men alike to slay a Balrog
This chapter was written early before he considered the elves way with animals
He did not say if Egypt would go so far as to break relations , a step it has been reluctant to take , ostensibly because it would affect ordinary Sudanese .
FRANKFURT 1996-08-23
Some backwards-curving blades do not count as scimitars in swordsmanship, but in the case of Middle-earth as Tolkien describes it, "any" curved blade is a scimitar
Zairean Prime Minister Kengo wa Dondo said at the end of a visit to Rwanda last week that the Zairean and Rwandan governments agreed on an " organised , massive and unconditional repatriation " of the 1.1 million Rwandan refugees in Zaire .
3. Fiona May ( Italy ) 6.64
Ar-Pharazôn and his mighty host who landed on Aman were buried by mounds of dirt and remain in the Caves of the Forgotten until the last battle, or Dagor Dagorath
WASHINGTON 1996-08-28
4. Yekaterina Podkopayeva ( Russia ) 4:04.78
Hobbitish and more proper forms of Westron had one major difference which is the amount of archaic words present in the tongue
Afterwards, they sang the Lament for Boromir
— Approximately 590 years long Second Age
Estonia will hold the next round of an inconclusive state presidential race on September 20 , parliamentary officers of the Baltic state ruled on Wednesday .
The name Gwaihir comes from the Sindarin terms "gwaew" ("storm, wind") and "hîr" ("lord, master"), translating his name to "Wind-lord"
Israel 's Channel Two television said Damascus had sent a " calming signal " to Israel .
These descendants of Castamir became the Corsairs of Umbar, fierce pirates who terrorized the coasts of Gondor with the help of the men of Harad
CHICAGO 1996-08-27
They were generally used as mounts; both forces of good and forces of evil used them in the wars and battles of Middle-earth
To compensate for this, Smaug took to sleeping upon the gathered treasure of the Lonely Mountain, allowing bits of gold and jewels to embed themselves in his body
Originally they styled themselves as "Kings Men" and persecuted the "Elf-friends" because of their loyalty to the Valar (The Kings Men had grown jealous of the elves immortality)
MILAN 1996-08-30
Before the Dol Guldur army reaches the Dwarves, Bombur sounds the great war horn of Erebor which causes the advancing enemy forces to halt in surprise and confusion
After the First Age, the men of these lands were among the lesser men who were instructed by the voyaging Númenóreans in the basic arts of civilization
4 - Kimiko Date ( Japan ) beat 1 - Arantxa Sanchez Vicario ( Spain )
Contracts traded in Singapore are mutually offset against contracts traded in London .
At his funeral, Thorin is buried with Orcrist, along with the Arkenstone
In the year 2885 of the Third Age, during the reign of Steward Túrin II, the Haradrim assailed Southern Ithilien with great strength at the Crossings of Poros where Túrin II and King Folcwine of Rohan mustered their armies for defense against the Southern storm
After five years of ravaging eastern Gondor and the Northmen of Rhovanion, Gondor assembled a large army with many scattered remnants of loyal Northman allies under the leadership of Narmacil II
WASHINGTON 1996-08-29
Not only were many of the Ñoldor suffering terribly from the cold, it had become clear that the storms of Ossë had wrecked too many of the ships to bear all of the Ñoldor at once to Middle-earth
Belgian police said an officer had visited Bratislava to talk with Slovak detectives about An and Eefje and other disappearances , and he planned to go also to Prague .
It can also be used as an adjective to modify another noun (e.g., a Rohirrim village, a troop of Rohirrim cavalry, etc.) The pure adjectival form, meaning "pertaining to the Rohirrim," is "Rohirric" (Rohirric tactics, Rohirric culture, etc.) Anglo-Saxon connection
8. Martin Keino ( Kenya ) 7:38.88
Sprague , Manitoba , on the Minnesota border was the cold spot of the Prairies Monday morning at 4.0 Celsius ( 39.2 F ) .
While under Sarumans spell, Théoden appears extremely aged, with grey hair and glassy eyes, and is unwilling to defend Rohan from the Dunlendings and Uruk-hai pillaging the Westfold
G. Thorpe lbw b Mohammad Akram 54
Finally it lead to a civil war among the Dwarves that never ended, even after the gold was lost
8. Rita Ramaunaskaite ( Lithuania ) 60.74
Despite Dol Guldurs greater strength, the army is defeated
The three films are subtitled , and ""
Ingwion was a cousin of Indis, wife of the Ñoldorin king Finwë
LONDON 1996-08-26
Italy police arrest five over double Mafia killing .
In "The Hobbit", Old English runes, or "Futharc", are used to display the writing of the Dwarves on Thrórs Map; they read as Westron (English) words and not Dwarven
BASEBALL - SOSA HAS SURGERY , OUT UP TO SIX WEEKS .
The host of Fingolfin finally arrived in Middle-earth at the rising of the Sun (FA 1) and was assailed by an Orc army in Lammoth resulting in the death of Fingolfins youngest child
After the last King of Gondor died without an heir, the House of Húrin ruled Gondor for 969 years until Aragorn II Elessar from the House of Isildur again reclaimed the throne after the War of the Ring
Last Alliance of Elves and Men
A spokesman for the American Stock Exchange would neither confirm or deny whether the exchange was looking into trading .
Maedhros was influenced by the successful deeds of Beren and Lúthien taking a Silmaril from Morgoths Iron Crown
Graafschap Doetinchem 3 ( Ibrahim 20th 63rd , Godee 54th ) RKC
Netanyahu should know he is stupid to have started this battle . "
The biggest of those was Malbak .
3. Jacques Villeneuve ( Canada ) Williams 1:54.443
China on Thursday accused Taipei of spoiling the atmosphere for a resumption of talks across the Taiwan Strait with a visit to Ukraine by Taiwanese Vice President Lien Chan this week that infuriated Beijing .
Gandalf and Thorin find two swords much to their liking, due to their beautiful scabbards and jeweled hilts
Minas Tirith is the name of the third track of the Original Motion Picture Soundtrack of Peter Jacksons "
"Tarlang" means "Stiff Neck" in Sindarin
In TA 1851 King Araval won a war with Angmar and attempted to re-settle Cardolan, but the settlers were driven off and killed by the Barrow-wights
Lebed likely to fail on Chechnya - Polish minister .
2. Van Heeswijk 1 second behind
His army defeated the forces of Angmar in the Battle of Fornost, and the Witch-king fled to Mordor, leaving the kingdom of Angmar to fall in TA 1975
DUBLIN 1996-08-23
The Chase to Rivendell is a chase in the film "" where Radagast attempts to lead the Hunter Orcs away while Gandalf leads Thorin and Company towards Rivendell
Bilbo recovers from his fall and finds himself in a dark passage, finds a gold ring on the ground, and pockets it
Clinton said on Saturday he had ordered U.S. forces in the Gulf to go on high alert and was reinforcing them in response to Iraqi attacks on Kurdish dissidents in northern Iraq .
5. Marina Trandenkova ( Russia ) 22.84
After the War of the Last Alliance, Isildur, heir of Elendil and bearer of the One Ring, was assailed by Orcs near the Gladden Fields, and the One Ring was lost here in the Gladden river
The site would not be cleansed until very late in the Second Age, possibly around or after the fall of Sauron and the loss of the One Ring
Bolg then rides it to Mount Gundabad - the wargs fate is unknown
Talion hunts down and kills Uruk Captains, and makes a reluctant alliance with Ratbag the Coward, helping Ratbag become a War Chief
They begin building their army by branding the captains and warchiefs of Núrnen (and optionally Udûn), thus enabling them to confront the Black Hand at his fortress of Ered Glamhoth, the strength of his forces depending on how many warchiefs and captains he branded
D. Cork b Mushtaq Ahmed 26
The settlements seemed to exist in the years between TA 1150 and TA 1300
Tarango was leading 6-7 ( 5-7 ) 6-4 6-1 3-1 .
At its summit was the ruined structure known as the Seat of Seeing
Gallows-weed was said in some legends to grow in the swamp-lands of Middle-earth
Shadowfax was vital during the Siege of Gondor, where Gandalf supported the army of Gondor defending the Rammas Echor, while regularly escorting medical transports to the City
Cram is said to have kept fresh indefinitely
He received the Shards of Narsil as an heirloom of the Heirs of Isildur when he came of age
Many of the 1.1 million Rwandan Hutu refugees in Zaire and nearly 600,000 in Tanzania refuse to go home , saying they fear reprisals for the 1994 genocide in Rwanda of up to a million people by Hutus .
Napoleon entered Moscow a week later .
Argeleb fortified the Weather Hills and was killed defending Weathertop in TA 1356 by evil men from Rhudaur, under the command of the Witch-king of Angmar
5. Tom Steels ( Belgium ) Mapei
TENNIS - STICH GLAD HE STAYED AFTER OPEN VICTORY .
He founded a realm in a large forested area in Beleriand first known as Eglador (Land of the Forsaken)
Kansas City , Mo.-based Commerce Bancshares Inc. , with $ 9.32 billion in assets , also could help a regional bank establish a strong presence in the lower Midwest , analysts added .
Capturing the Corsair ships and gathering many men of southern Gondor, the forces under Aragorn, including Gimli, sailed to Minas Tirith
The press conference replaces Matos 's scheduled appearance at an IMF-hosted seminar Thursday on Venezuela 's economic reform program , Venezuelan Agenda .
Jim Grabb ( U.S. ) vs. Sandon Stolle ( Australia )
Bard took charge of organizing shelter and aid for the refugees and sent messages to the Elvenking of Mirkwood asking for help
Russia 's Svetlana Samokhalova fought off a spirited challenge from American Jane Quigley to take the title for a second year .
Leslie Gevirtz
Hildórien was the land where Men first awoke in the first year of the Years of the Sun
Tromso 2 Kongsvinger 1
U.S. corn gluten feed prices were flat while meal values were steady to firmer on Thursday .
Belmondo ( France ) Ennea Ferrari F40 167
A mounted cavalry archer force might be able to wear their pursuing enemies out, given enough time and strategic distance; however, no known army in Middle-earth marshaled a cavalry archer force that fought in the War of the Ring
PRESS DIGEST - Pakistan - August 29 .
The House of Fëanor was a noble house of the Ñoldor Elves
Anne-Gaelle Sidot ( France ) beat Wang Shi-Ting ( Taiwan ) 6-4 3-6 6-3
Eönwë came among the faithful humans and he taught them and gave them wisdom, power, and a life longer than any others of mortal race, but none of the high men ever reached the age of Elros
Glenn Somerville
To bat : R. Croft , D. Cork , A. Mullally
Gil-galad led the second greatest host of Elves ever seen in Arda and formed the Last Alliance of Elves and Men with Elendil, High King of all Dúnedain, and vanquished Sauron in SA 3441
Most of the population was concentrated in the central area, the core of the former kingdom of Arnor and the Shire, and the dominant language was Westron at least by the Third Age
Through the Secret Way, the last survivors of the doomed city escaped its destruction
The Central Jakarta District Court has started to hear the suit filed by ousted Indonesian Democratic Party ( PDI ) leader Megawati Sukarnoputri against the government and party rivals after the parties failed to reach an out-of-court settlement .
The attack comes a day after rebels of the self-styled Popular Revolutionary Army ( EPR ) launched coordinated attacks in at least three Mexican states , killing up to 14 people and wounding about 20 .
BLANTYRE 1996-08-24
Isildurs men were outnumbered ten to one, and though they initially managed to repel the attack by forming a shield-wall, the Orcs renewed their assault after nightfall and the men were overwhelmed
Sami Aboudi
Nan Elmoth is a Sindarin word meaning Stardust valley
Sangahyando was a Quenya word that meant throng-cleaver
R. Harden 65 ) .
Aamir Sohail 11 3 24 0 -
Jonathan Stark ( U.S. ) vs. Bernd Karbacher ( Germany )
The Wainriders were beginning to recover from their defeat at Dagorlad and were apparently not completely driven out by the rebellion in Rhovanion
Aeglos first appears briefly in the final episode of as Gil-galad departs Ost-in-Edhil
Dawn Star is largely associated with defending due to its high defense and Sentinel keyword
- 2 Phil Mickelson through 7
He defended Cardolan from the Witch-king and his servants, but during an assault on the Barrow-downs, the burial grounds where the ancient Kings of Arnor lay, he failed, and at the end Carthaen fled for reinforcements
Police gave no reason for detaining Wang on Friday and would not let his family meet him or say where he was being held , the group said .
Air Express International said in a statement that Spain has become the twenty-second country in its network to achieve ISO 9002 quality accreditation .
The News Agency of Nigeria ( NAN ) quoted police spokesman Umar Shelling as saying the six were killed on Wednesday .
O'Neal says firms will place a greater emphasis on teams and team performance in giving raises .
Moreover, Gandalf was skilled at telling men things that were true from a certain point of view, such as when he scammed Háma into allowing him to bring his staff before the king
NEW YORK AT SEATTLE
They carried swords for close combat
He said that Germans had more prominent submission and patriotism in mass than the English, that their men were as bold as the English, and that their industry was around ten times more noteworthy, and that they were currently driven by a crazy person that made the old Kaiser resemble an old lady weaving
The White Council met for the last time in TA 2953 to discuss the Rings of Power when Saruman reassured them that the One Ring had been lost forever in the Sea
SOCCER - ETHIOPIA BEAT UGANDA ON PENALTIES IN AFRICAN NATIONS CUP .
Following is a summary of major Indonesian political and business stories in leading newspapers , prepared by Reuters in Jakarta .
People, both Elves and Men began arriving into the region as a final refuge after the Nírnaeth Arnoediad
The Oath of Eorl represented the eternal bond of friendship between the realms of Rohan and Gondor
Such a change finds some evidentiary support in the book; Bifur, Bofur and Bombur all arrive at Bag End at the same time as Thorin, and they also climb up the same tree when the company is attacked by Wargs and Goblins
The ships are also seen in a scene in the extended version, when Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli send the Army of the Dead to attack the frightened corsairs (including Peter Jackson himself, in a cameo as a Corsair) and conquer the ships
Second round
The Senate vote also annulled a substitute version of Dutra 's bill which had sought to dedicate revenue from Vale 's privatization to regional infrastructure projects .
He later becomes an outcast and leads a band of fellow outcast Men living in Mordor
Trainer Berti Vogts kept faith with his entire European championship winning squad for Germany 's first match since their title victory , a friendly in Poland .
Stocks in London started the week badly after a three-day weekend , slipping 0.3 percent , but bargain-hunters later moved in and the FTSE index recovered most of the lost ground to end only just in negative ground .
In Chorzow : Ruch Chorzow ( Poland ) 5 Llansantffraid ( Wales ) 0
Elves were the first of the Children of Ilúvatar to appear in Middle-earth, whereas Men were not to follow until the beginning of the First Age, with the creation of the Sun and Moon, many thousands of years later
They fell only in the spring, when golden flowers bloomed on the branches and new leaves sprouted, turning the entire forest a bright gold
It has a shorter hilt than the normal weapons
" I probably did n't hit five ground strokes in the whole match , " said Muster , only partly joking . "
Martina Hingis led a youthful charge and Australian Open finalist Anke Huber and Magdalena Maleeva were fallen seeds on Monday in a hot , sunny opening to the U.S. Open tennis championships .
KANSAS CITY , Mo .
Billings MT 4.62 up .01 4.50 dn .01 --- ---
He specifically chants the verse referring to the rings of power, which Galadriel finishes in the Westron "Nine for mortal men doomed to die"
Polish President Aleksander Kwasniewski and his Slovenian counterpart , Milan Kucan , met for talks at the start of a two-day visit to Slovenia by Kwasniewski .
Realistically of course the summons had saved Fëanor, for though Fëanor was mighty amongst his people, he was, ultimately, just an Elf
Tension has mounted since Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu took office in June vowing to retain the Golan Heights Israel captured from Syria in the 1967 Middle East war .
Results of semi-final round games on Friday in the Philippine Basketball Association second conference , which includes American players :
Malawi 's undisputed ruler for three decades , he lost power in the first all-party elections in 1994 .
It was also used as a type of inlay called ithildin
Within a few centuries, the deforestation of the outlying regions Enedwaith and Minhiriath became cataclysmic, angering the native peoples (ancestors of the Dunlendings), who became adverse and attacked the haven several times, setting fire to the stores of wood
The Palestinian Legislative Council on Wednesday called for a halt to contacts with Israel , just hours after President Yasser Arafat said the Jewish state had effectively declared war on the Palestinians by pursuing its hardline policies .
1. Sorensen 11.20:33
At Trent Bridge : Nottinghamshire 392-6 ( G. Archer 143 not
After Lúthien captured the golden collar of Tevildo, she ordered that all the slaves of Elves and Men that were bound in the tower be released, and brought before her
Whilst Sarumans cavalry had been routed, his Warg-riders were only a small part of his massive army
Most of the Númenóreans, the Kings Men, distanced themselves from the Eldar, and towards the end they persecuted any who were in fellowship with them
The Quest achieved its purpose, as Durins Folk could consequently repopulate Erebor, and reclaim their gold
He had a son named Forthwini
In Quenya the book is called "Parma Kuluina"
They fought, and the Balrogs sword was destroyed
The demonstrators , said by police to number 6,000 , also urged the release of Nadarajah Muralidaran , Swiss-based leader of the the Tamil Tiger guerrillas , who has been held in a Zurich jail since April on charges of extortion .
The Nauglamír was lost, but Elwing and the Silmaril were saved by the ValaUlmo
The Kings Men remained loyal to Sauron and their lifespans began to wane even before the Downfall
ATLANTA AT PITTSBURGH
Much like the horse of the Mouth of Sauron, this drake could be somehow empowered by dark sorcery
Gwaihir, with others of his people, rescued Frodo Baggins and Samwise Gamgee from Mount Doom in Mordor after the One Ring had been destroyed
Mutola looked threatening in the final 200 metres but the Russian found an extra gear to power home several strides ahead , pointing at the time on the clock with delight as she crossed the line .
"Aglarond" - Halls-of-Glory, the Sindarin name for the Glittering Caves of Helms Deep
The French team won 95 medals in Atlanta , 35 of them gold .
6,739-yard Brown Deer Park Golf Course after the first round
BUCHAREST 1996-08-30
These swords were feared by their Rohirrim enemies for good reason
They answered only to the Dark Lord himself. Formerly Men, they had been corrupted and transformed into beings of sheer evil and malevolence and were bound by their absolute loyalty to the Dark Lord
But Tuor prevailed, and threw him from the wall to his death
Oromë referred to the Elves that chose to follow him during the Great Journey as Eldar (Q.: "People of the Stars"), because when they awake the stars were the only lights in the sky
" Neither the National Socialists ( Nazis ) nor the communists dared to kidnap an American citizen , " he shouted , in an oblique reference to his extradition to Germany from Denmark . "
But after the losses of the Nírnaeth Arnoediad, Dimbar became infested with Orcs, leading the Men of Brethil and the Sindar Elves of Doriath under their valiant captains Túrin and Beleg Cúthalion to mount many daring raids against them
Downer is the first Australian minister to visit China since the new conservative government took office in Canberra in March .
The men of Harad wear special clothes to survive in the harsh environment of the Harad desert
Broker Khurshid Alam said : " The market sentiment will remain strong .
For hundreds of years, he led his House against the forces of Morgoth but the Oath that he and his six brothers had sworn to recover the Silmarils constrained him and ultimately led to his death
By SA 1695, the Númenóreans were devastating the forests below Tharbad, and had been obliged to build forts both at the Haven and along the river, to protect their shipbuilding yards and "great wood-stores" from the local population, who were understandably hostile: "..the Númenóreans treated them as enemies, and became ruthless in their fellings, giving no thought to husbandry or replanting." Despite overrunning all of Eriador in the war which began in that year, Sauron: "..had not enough force to spare for any assault upon the forts..", but late in the war it is recorded that he "summoned more forces, which...were indeed in Enedwaith at the Crossing of Tharbad, which was only lightly held." Whether Tharbads defenses were overcome is untold, but Tharbad did become the site of Battle of the Gwathló, where, after having his army caught in the rear by Ciryatur who had hastened from Lond Daer, Sauron was defeated "utterly"
Naoko Sawamatsu ( Japan ) beat Rennae Stubbs ( Australia ) 6-4 6-3
During his rule, the settling of the Éothéod in Rohan continued, and Brego defended the borders of Rohan against their enemies (the Dunlendings and Easterlings)
London )
Once the Mûmakil are captured and tamed, the players set out across Harad, but only to be harassed Warg-Riders hunting for the remnants of Kahliels tribe
He was also slain by the Balrog, after this the Dwarves of Durins Folk abandoned their ancient home
" It 's a positive strategic move , " said Miles Kan of Hambrecht & Quist .
Council speaker Ahmed Korei said the decision was part of a comprehensive plan to confront Israeli settlement policy , land confiscation and what he termed other violations of the Israeli-PLO peace deals .
Turkey 's Ciller to hold talks in Jordan .
The seven Sons of Fëanor, the great Ñoldorin King, led their people from Valinor to rule over kingdoms in the Northeast of Beleriand: Biography
Before the Fellowship of the Ring departed Rivendell on the Quest of the Ring, the shards of Narsil were re-forged by the Elves into Andúril, which Aragorn carried into the Battle of the Pelennor Fields and the Battle of the Black Gate
When Rohan was invaded by the Dunlendings led by Wulf, he and other survivors fled towards the refuges in Dunharrow
Bowling : Cork 3-0-15-0 , Mullally 3-0-24-1 , Croft 0.4-0-9-0
PARAMARIBO , Surinam 1996-08-30
JOHANNESBURG 1996-08-28
The Sindar were happy dwelling in Middle-earth, but once the desire for the Sea was aroused in them, they could not be content until they sailed to Eldamar in the Far West
In his late, post-"Lord of the Rings" writings (published in "The Peoples of Middle-earth)", he preferred the spelling "Ork", evidently mainly to avoid the form "Orcish", which would be naturally pronounced with the c as /s/ instead of /k/
Masood 's spokesman Amrollah ( one name ) said Rohrabacher had recently visited Italy , Saudi Arabia and Pakistan as part of a mission to promote peace in Afghanistan .
Eärnils southern army camped forty miles north of the Poros in South Ithilien apparently waiting to face the enemy from the south or to support the forces led by his king in the north
2. Inga Babakova ( Ukraine ) 2.00 metres
Parana 3 Guarani 0
AMSTERDAM 1996-08-26
6. Catherine McKiernan ( Ireland ) 15:07.57
He said Talbott , who was scheduled to return on Tuesday , would also to meet his Canadian counterpart , Gordon Smith , in Ottawa for talks that would include the situation in Haiti .
Noirinan was a Quenya name meaning "Valley of the tombs"
Norway headed the UEFA Fair Play rankings for 1995-96 with 8.62 points , ahead of England with 8.61 and Sweden 8.57 .
Ajax , who had a dismal series of pre-season results before beating NAC of Breda in their opening game , had the best of an entertaining first half but failed to break the deadlock .
The Ñoldor who fled to Middle-earth following the Darkening of Valinor spoke Quenya among themselves
N. Hussain c Saeed Anwar b Waqar Younis 12
The Riders of an Éored could serve for a term or on a permanent basis
The Iraqis claimed they were " ordinary people persecuted by the regime of Saddam ( Hussein ) " but interior ministry officials had consistently said it was likely the seven would be charged with hijack before any plea for asylum was considered .
Recent want-ad figures indicate that conservative hiring plans are keeping job growth below the rate of overall economic activity . "
Tami Whitlinger Jones ( U.S. ) beat Amy Frazier ( U.S. ) 7-6 ( 7-3 ) 6-2
Ambar is a Quenya word that meant fate or doom
There he was killed by Bard the Bowman, who pierced the bare spot on Smaugs left breast with his Black Arrow
Durins Folk (also called the Longbeards) were a clan of Dwarves that originally inhabited Khazad-dûm, led by Durin I, "The Deathless"
His escape at the zoo caused outrage in Britain .
Eregions jewel smiths, under Celebrimbor, achieved the highest levels of craftsmanship since Fëanor, and the Dwarves of Durin IIIs work in mithril enamored all who beheld them as trade between the two realms grew
A large army was created and a combined force of Wood-elves and Galadhrim marched to support the Last Alliance of Elves and Men
Ar-Inziladûn took power during a time of great darkness in Númenor; ever since Tar-Atanamir, many kings had spoken against the Valar and turned instead to greed and empire building in Middle-earth
New U.N. relief coordinator arrives in Iraq .
Two key players left a Brazilian championship match early on Sunday because they had to catch a plane to Russia to play with the national team .
At about 4 a.m. EDT ( 0800 GMT ) , a group of teenaged girls were having the overnight party in the Camelot subdivision of this eastern Virginia city , when a man entered the house , wielding a knife , threatening to sexually assault the girls .
Following their King Denethor, they made permanent settlement in Ossiriand, they quickly became allied with Thingol, who recognized them as long lost kin of old
Initially, Théodreds death had been January 25, a day before Boromirs death and the Breaking of the Fellowship
Borondir was the only survivor and presented the Red Arrow to the Éothéod lord Eorl the Young
The name Vanimeldë means "Beautiful Beloved" from the Quenya "vanima" ("beautiful, fair") and "melda" ("beloved")
" We did n't see anything from Singapore operators either .
Soon after the seats of power are destroyed, Wormtongue and an army of Uruk-hai arrive to attack the Goblins and take the Shire for their own
The men of the dead army appear as green and glowing, and are more reluctant to fulfill their oath, with the dead king even trying to attack Aragorn
His knights bore Théodens body out of the battle, while Éomer led the Rohirrim in their continued assault upon the Haradrim
The conclusion of an open skies agreement had been made a prerequisite of the proposed link-up by the U.S .
In the end, Gandalf defeated the Balrog and cast its corpse down onto the mountain side, before succumbing to the wounds of his battle
+1 Ernie Els ( South Africa ) through 8
Though Men were set to supplant them in Middle-earth, the Elves were powerful and numerous enough to join with Men one last time to defeat Sauron
But commitee member Montgomerie said it could set an unhelpful precedent . "
Nicklas Kulti ( Sweden ) vs. Jakob Hlasek ( Switzerland )
Her tour will also include Honduras and Guatemala .
With the defeat of Gondors King Narmacil II by the Wainriders at the Battle of the Plains in TA 1856, the hitherto independent Northmen principalities in Rhovanion were conquered and enslaved by the Wainriders
GOV LAW ENGLISH HOME CTRY SWEDEN TAX PROVS STANDARD
Midfielder Paulo Sousa , recently transferred to Borussia Dortmund from Italy 's Juventus , is the only leading member of the Portuguese side from this year 's European championships who will not make the trip .
Stanley owns a .367 career batting average with the bases loaded ( 33-for-90 ) .
At the end of the match , Tarango blew sarcastic kisses to the crowd , then jiggled his body to a Rios rooting section in a jeering salute .
Mohammad Akram 1 0 0 0 0 -
Germany 's Agriculture Ministry suggested on Wednesday that consumers avoid eating meat from British sheep until scientists determine whether mad cow disease can be transmitted to the animals .
15-21 , Brazil 's Foreign Relations Ministry said on Tuesday .
Initially the Kings and Queens took their names in Quenya, however as the Númenóreans turned against the Valar and use of the Elven tongues, the kings took their names in Adûnaic, beginning officially with Ar-Adûnakhôr, the twentieth king
"Corma" is the supposed Quenya word for "ring", according to records of J.R.R. Tolkiens languages at Ardalambion
" I do n't think we should immediately draw a conclusion that the economic recovery has come to a halt or that signs of a economic contraction have emerged , " Kubo said . "
Ingwion is a compound of his fathers name "Ingwë" and the Quenya patronymic suffix "-ion", wherefore his name means "Son of Ingwë"
Peter Hedblom ( Sweden ) 70 75 , Pedro Linhart ( Spain ) 72 73 ,
He performed in summer stock and soap operas before being plucked as an almost unknown to play the lead in " Superman " and three sequels .
Despite their abominable nature, Orcs were often crafty and clever rather than dim-witted. Tolkien writes that they were capable smiths and craftsmen, though things of their making are described as crude compared to those of the Free Peoples
8. Olivier Panis ( France ) 13
" Last year we stood on the court after we had lost and we put out hands together and made it our committment to bring back the Cup , " U.S. captain Billie Jean King said at the draw . "
Egypt blames Istanbul control tower for accident .
Teemu Selanne ( 11th ) , Jyrki Lumme ( 13th and 51st ) , Janne Ojanen
Judges on the island had accused Paris of taking a lax stance on guerrilla violence while conducting secret but widely-reported talks with separatists which have now failed .
In the time of the Wainriders invasions, the lands of Forthwini, a Lord of the Éothéod, were frequently raided by the Easterling invaders who came through the Narrows and up the Anduin
Todd Woodbridge , who defeated Canadian Daniel Nestor 7-6 ( 7-2 ) 7-6 ( 7-4 ) , and Mark Philippoussis , a 6-3 6-4 winner over Bohdan Ulihrach of the Czech Republic , also advanced and will meet in Friday 's quarter-finals .
It plays during the scene of Gandalf telling Frodo Baggins to keep the One Ring safe
French central defender Antoine Kombouare has completed a 300,000 pounds sterling ( $ 467,000 ) move to Aberdeen from Swiss club Sion , the Scottish premier division club said on Friday .
Hobgoblins were stronger, larger, and more menacing than other Orcs
Radio stations said around 15,000 farmers , angered by a fall in beef prices following the mad cow disease crisis , staged protests in many areas and blockaded several main roads and motorways .
They served in Azogs Army as both shock troops and Troll commanders
In his sixteenth year, he grew angry with the Easterlings and their allies for the evil deeds they had done to his people and wished to fight them
The director is ; choreography is by Peter Darling; set and costume design are by Rob Howell
A man knifed to death international model Agnieszka Kotlarska outside her home in Wroclaw , western Poland , Polish television said on Wednesday .
However, due to the increasing hostility of Angmar these Stoors fled the region around TA 1356, with some of them moving west, and others moving back to Wilderland
Walking Tree Publishers extensive Cormarë Series, begun in 1997, is named after it
Urulooke was an Attack Troll from Mordor who served in the War of the Ring Summary
England and Pakistan Test averages
Sweden 1 1 0 0 6 1 2
July 24-28 Fourth test ( at Headingley )
Bilbo faints and dreams that he is in the Battle of the five armies
The second component of Egalmoth is likely to have come from the Sindarin word "moth" ("dusk")
After the fall of Amon Sûl the men of Cardolan were not affected by Angmar so the Witch-king needed to destroy them quickly and easily and Morgomir knew the perfect way in the perfect place, the Barrow Downs
In this state, Frodo rather inadvertently told Tom all about the One Ring and his quest, and when Tom asked to inspect the Ring, Frodo, without question and without any of the reluctance that tended to accompany giving the Ring to another, allowed him to
Luin was among the Rangers of the North who lived at Sarn Ford in the Third Age
Luehrs declined to say when the operation was expected to be profitable .
The Company arrives on the other side of the river, and the Men that accompanied them head back to Lake-town
Her attacker , identified only as Jerzy L. , 36 , was arrested by police and will appear in court on Thursday morning , television reported .
" It had the potential to be quite a nasty accident . "
Until the War of the Ring, the Easterlings didnt launch any further invasion
Husein Micijevic , who also signed the letter , alleged that elderly voters were directed who to vote for by Hungarian translators who stood in the polling booth to help them .
His life changed on the slopes of Mount Doom when he retrieved Saurons mace after the Dark Lord fell
The name "Vána" may have been derived from the Quenya word "vanima" ("beautiful"), as she is often described as "fair"
At the end are six appendices providing all official Sindarin vocabulary and other data that were available at the time of publication
Men bear the "Gift of Men", which is mortality, and therefore they age and die when their time comes, and are susceptible to illness and disease
The event was part of an opposition campaign launched on August 14 , Pakistan 's independence day .
1. Luke Kipkosgei ( Kenya ) 7:46.91
8. Ann Mercken ( Belgium ) 53.55
5. Kenneth Eriksson ( Sweden ) Subaru Impreza 3:22
Hurte Sierd Zylstra and his wife , Jetsi Hendrika Coers , both 50 , were abducted from the teak plantation they managed late Saturday or early Sunday by at least two men demanding $ 1.5 million ransom , authorities said .
Florian Rousseau ( France ) beat Ainars Kiksis ( Latvia ) 2-0
10-0-33-2 , Aamir Sohail 5-0-31-0 .
South African all-rounder Shaun Pollock , forced to cut short his first season with Warwickshire to have ankle surgery , has told the English county he would like to return later in his career .
Legolas and Bolg have a rematch on the stone bridges, Legolas using Orcrist until he notices Thorin cornered on the ice above
AMSTERDAM 1996-08-28
Fox initially fled from the shooting in a car , but then abandoned the car and entered dense bushland .
Several other Elves, Dwarves and Men also arrived at Rivendell on separate errands; at the Council of Elrond they learned that the fates of all of their kind were related to that of the One Ring
Talion is a rather humble individual, and as captain of the Black Gate was respected by the men under his command
Most symbols were used on shields such as red eyes, crescent Moons, spiders, snakes, trees, hands, Suns and Horses
The Valar learnt Quenya instead to converse with the Elves, or with each other if Elves were present
Éomer rides with the army of Gondor to the gates of Mordor and takes part in the final battle with the forces of Sauron, who is defeated when the One Ring is destroyed
Fox is a skilled bushman who knows the area very well , police said .
His eyes burned like red coals and his teeth were poisoned as the spears of the Orcish legions
It is not known whether Aeglos survived his death at the hands of the Dark Lord
Attendance : 5,000
In 1972, Vance Gerry of Disney sent a memo about "The Hobbit", including concept art of Bilbo, a synopsis of the book and the admission that the story contains "far more incidents in the story than we could ever use" and that "many sections are too frightening for our purposes." With the rights sitting with United Artists, it went no further
Bilbo steals a cup from the treasure horde; Smaug becomes enraged when he awakens. Bilbo again goes down to the dragons chamber, though this time he is caught by Smaug, who was pretending to be asleep
Upon reaching Middle-earth, Fëanor burned the ships
7. Fita Bayesa ( Ethiopia ) 7:38.09
Originally J.R.R. Tolkien conceived the Teleri as the first tribe of the Elves and created for them a Finnish-language conventionally called Early Quenya
They would travel from the Northern Darkness to the far south all the way down to the Nether Darkness
Among these Wargs is a larger one with a white pelt that Azog rides, revealed in guide book to be the Warg Matriarch of the Gunbabad Wargs
14. Darren McKenzie-Potter ( New Zealand ) 1:06.289
SEOUL 1996-08-30
This Host was prophesied to assemble once more for the Dagor Dagorath at the end of days (after Morgoths return from behind the Door of Night), in which they would be victorious
Saudi Arabia executed on Sunday a Pakistani man accused of belonging to an armed gang of robbers , Saudi television reported .
Arbil lies within the so-called safe haven set up at the end of the 1991 Gulf War on the suggestion of British Prime Minister John Major to protect Iraqi Kurds from attack by the Iraqi military .
After the Éothéod had settled in Rohan, the Second King of Rohan, Brego son of Eorl, began building a great hall on top of the hill of Edoras
Ed Vosberg ( 1-0 ) blew his first save opportunity but got the win , allowing three hits with two walks and three strikeouts in 1 2/3 scoreless innings .
The word Dagorlad means battle plain in the Sindarin language
In ", the player has the opportunity to summon the Army of the Dead through Aragorn in the later stages of the final Map location, Pelennor Fields
8. Galina Malchugina ( Russia ) 23.25
Then Aragorn, Legolas and Gimli, along with the Grey Company and the Army of the Dead, arrived and defeated the Corsairs
With your help we can re-elect Bill Clinton . "
As Bard and his men launch their counterattack against the Orcs, Hilda Bianca grabs a spear and tells the women and children that they should stand with the men in battle
He was a craftsman, gem-smith, and warrior, the maker of the Silmarils and inventor of the Tengwar script
She suffers from osteoporosis , a disease that weakens the bones , and has repeatedly flown to Washington for treatment .
" This evening Sheikh Yassin completed medical checks and returned to Ramle prisons authority medical centre , " said a spokesman for Israel 's internal security ministry .
But Thorin did not agree with Dwalin
During the Battle of Azanulbizar, many of these Orcs were felled in the valley beneath the eastern gate of Moria in TA 2799, and the numbers were reduced dramatically
The company said the 90 percent owned Trax et al Morinville 10-23 logged 28 feet of productive Leduc Reef at 5,350 feet .
Vinny Castilla and Dante Bichette each added two RBI for Colorado , which improved the major league 's best home mark to 44-20 .
3. Florian Schwarthoff ( Germany ) 13.36
However, Sarumans army later breached the Deeping Wall using an explosive device
Craig Stromme , U.S. embassy spokesman in Jakarta , 700 km ( 430 miles ) west of Surabaya , confirmed the Tuesday morning attack .
But Ukraine , seeing itself as a bridge between Russia and the rapidly Westernising countries of eastern Europe , is looking West as well as East .
Meneltarma was Quenya for Heaven-pillar or Pillar of the Heavens
My biggest problem against Jansher is concentration .
Velindo was a servant of the Vala Aulë, who once sent him to the Great Lands to fetch "some of the good, heavy red gold of the dwarves"
LONDON 1996-08-30
The former Wimbledon champion said the immediate future of Australia 's Davis Cup coach Tony Roche could also be determined by events in Split .
The Rohirrim were a tall, blonde, and mostly blue-eyed people, the men were large, husky, and handsome while the women were particularly beautiful
Dagorlad was the location of the Battle of Dagorlad, fought there between Saurons forces and the Last Alliance of Elves and Men at the end of the Second Age
A week ago a home-made bomb exploded in a market in the western coastal town of Bou Haroun , 65 km ( 40 miles ) from Algiers .
The grammar and syntax of Taliska is known to exist in a mostly complete form, but, despite work by Tolkienists, has not yet been published
In TA 2885 the twin sons of King Folcwine of Rohan, Folcred and Fastred were killed fighting the Haradrim at the Battle of the Crossings of Poros
Pelargir is a Sindarin word that meant Garth of Royal Ships
G. Thorpe st Moin Khan b Aamir Sohail 23
The ability allows Hwaldar and a large amount of hill-men to rapidly build up the resources of the Angmar faction and get an early start on mid-game and even end-game powers and units
Ukraine celebrates five years of independence from Kremlin rule on Saturday , hailing civil and inter-ethnic peace as its main post-Soviet achievement .
The Men of Dale and Esgaroth were Northmen, as were the Woodmen of Mirkwood, and the Éothéod, who became the Rohirrim
on Thursday ( players U.S. unless stated ) :
None of the later Elvish languages had a common name for a greater number
Briton held in Thailand over 4.4 kg heroin find .
In "The Hobbit", the dragon Smaug was held to be the only "king" of Erebor
" I 'm a very good friend of David and spoke to him recently about coming to Aberdeen and he was very positive about it , " Kombouare said .
His only weapons shown are a broadsword and shield, suiting him well for attack and defense
14. Rubens Barrichello ( Brazil ) Jordan 29
The partners will invest around $ 30 million in the existing copper cable plant at Wuxi to update technology and include optic fibre production , with annual turnover expected to reach $ 60 million within the next few years .
In TA 1944 when the army of King Ondoher went out to fight the Wainriders, Minohtar was appointed Captain of the Right Wing of Gondors armies in the battle
Romania beat Lithuania 2-1 ( halftime 1-1 ) in their European under-21 soccer match on Friday .
3. Alina Astafei ( Germany ) 1.97
Tennis - Philippoussis beats Woodforde in U.S. Open .
Raichev said a lock-out with military air controllers was impossible as they did not speak English .
Soccer - Burundi disqualification from African Cup confirmed .
The word Adurant means "Double-course" in Sindarin, referring to a parting of the river about the isle of Tol Galen
When Morgomir made links inside the Hill-men of Rhudaur, his chief conspirator, Hwaldar the Hill Chief, was arrested by the forces of Arnor
Sauron, who by the second millennium of the Second Age was nearly defeated by the Elves and Númenóreans, took advantage of the division
The Australian had upset Jansher 's rhythm with his mixture of gamesmanship and fluent stroke-making but eventually succumbed 15-7 17-15 14-15 15-8 .
Despite the seemingly impossible odds the Army of the West was eventually victorious, for when the Ring was destroyed, Saurons forces fled, surrendered in dismay or were destroyed
Eithel is Sindarin for well, so its full name means "Sirions Well"
A Sarajevo daily newspaper , Dnevi Avaz , which is close to Bosnia 's Moslem nationalist SDA party , on Monday said the OSCE would postpone the municipal-level elections until the Spring of 1997 because of the refugee registration problems .
According to state television , Viljoen told the news conference the self-rule model should be introduced in parts of the Northern Cape provinces where a majority of people -- whites and mixed-race Coloureds -- speak Afrikaans .
It appeared like the crystal of diamonds, yet was stronger than adamant, and luminescent by its own composition
Before Arwens birth, Elrond wielded Hadhafang at the end of the Second Age of Middle-earth during the War of the Last Alliance in the great battle against Sauron on the slopes of Mount Doom
In Toronto , Pat Hentgen tossed a five-hitter for his fifth consecutive complete game and three players drove in two runs apiece as the Toronto Blue Jays defeated the Minnesota Twins 6-1 for their ninth win in 11 games .
U.S. debt futures end lower , shaken by Chicago NAPM .
The Ithil-stone was the palantír that sat in the ancient fortress of Minas Ithil, placed there soon after the founding of the city
With foes ahead, behind us dread, Beneath the sky shall be our bed, Until at last our toil be passed, Our journey done, our errand sped
Ijaz Ahmed not out 58
In Mission 3, Gorkil prepares his army to destroy the Shire
3 - Arantxa Sanchez Vicario ( Spain ) beat Nicole Arendt ( U.S. )
The Haradrim were bold and grim men, fierce in despair
But Meri 's support was not enough for the 68 needed for election and a third secret ballot will take place later in the day ( 1300 GMT ) , parliamentary officials said .
ST LOUIS AT HOUSTON
It was primarily over the nine Men who would become the Ringwraiths that Sauron attained power, through their rings, corrupting them
LAGOS 1996-08-28
The goblins hammer and hew at the door, while Legolas and Aragorn attempt to shoot them through the cracks they make
The couple had several sons, the youngest of whom was Hazad
He was a good friend of Elendil and, after his departure on a long voyage, he left his daughter Fíriel in Elendils house
The House of Isildur failed first in Rhudaur, and the last Kings were not of Númenórean blood, but were Hill-men in service of Angmar
Riley ( Australia ) 64 71 , Carl Mason 69 66 , Barry Lane
The name Almiel might be related to the Quenya term "alma" ("good fortune") and "-iel" a feminine patronymic suffix
Differences in Hobbitish dialect are not present; Samwise Gamgee speaks the same English as the other Hobbits
After the Ring-bearer Frodo Baggins was stung and left unconscious in Shelobs Lair, he was found by a contingent of Morgul Orcs and Black Uruks led by Gorbag and Shagrat respectively, who took him captive to the Tower of Cirith Ungol
Gonzalez hit his second homer in the third for his fifth multi-homer game of the season .
During the first few months of 2009, writing would start from 8:30 am and end at 3:00 pm when del Toro would meet with Weta (i.e., Weta Workshop and Weta Digital film effects companies)
According to Tolkiens description, he is shown to be towering over men and yet not gigantic
According to the movie trilogys official publicity material, Hadhafang (whose name is a newly-coined Sindarin word meaning "throng-cleaver"), once belonged to the Elven Princess Idril, who wed a mortal man (Tuor) and bore Eärendil, the father of Elrond, who in turn was father to Arwen
Arossiach is a Sindarin word that meant Fords of Aros or Aros-ford
The Islamist gathering , due to be held in London on September 8 , has triggered concern and anger in several other Arab countries like Egypt which is also fighting armed Moslem fundamentalists .
Westward of the Sea of Ringil lay the Grey Mountains, while eastward laye the Yellow Mountains
1. Tom Pukstys ( U.S. ) 86.82
Germany , driving a Ferrari , won the Belgian Grand Prix motor
Maybe they want us to be alcoholics , " Perry joked before lifting her glass of wine .
In Home Health Inc said on Thursday it will appeal to the U.S. Federal District Court in Minneapolis a decision by the Health Care Financing Administration ( HCFA ) that denied reimbursement of certain costs under Medicaid .
He faces Republican challenger Bob Dole in the November 5 presidential election .
5. Sven Nylander ( Sweden ) 49.22
Like the previous wizards, the Blue Wizards had staves on their own which aided them on their travels
- 4 Hidemichi Tanaka ( Japan ) through 3
The tree was removed after the Scouring of the Shire, and in place of the original tree, Sam planted a silver nut given to him by the Lady Galadriel
In Paris , the CAC-40 share index dropped 15.09 to 2,002.9 .
Larry Fine
After the labors of the Valar, Ilúvatar decided the fates of his children: Elves shall remain immortal until the end of days, whereas Men were given the Gift of Men, that they shall not be bound to the earth
Nigerian police shot dead six robbery suspects as they tried to escape from custody in the northern city of Sokoto , the national news agency reported on Friday .
Recovering themselves, the Dwarves found that these Trolls had a cave nearby filled with stolen weapons, food, and a small treasure
After Thorins funeral, the new king Dáin II offered him his one-fourteenth share of the treasure, but Bilbo declined, receiving only two small chests, one with gold, and the other laden with silver
His relations with a leftist-led government have sometimes been tense .
Yeltsin sent him there to compromise him .
Aragorn eventually became King Elessar of the Reunited Kingdom and the Rangers became once more a united people under the House of Telcontar in the Fourth Age
When Agandaûr is destroyed at the same time as Saurons destruction, the Men of Carn Dûm are scattered
CAIRO 1996-08-25
Idril afterwards traveled to Seregost with Baranor and other Gondorian soldiers in hopes of fighting Saurons army
Asif Mujtaba 2 3 0 90 51 30.00
Sarumans staff can levitate specific Lego objects, provide light in dark places, shoot energy bolts and conjure up a magical barrier
Along with Smicer , Robert Pires was the star of the night in France , scoring the first hat-trick of the league season in Metz 's 3-1 home victory over neighbouring Strasbourg .
BERLIN 1996-08-28
5. Margret Crowley ( Australia ) 4:05.00
Cunningham has already been signed as a broadcaster .
The elk is first seen in the prologue of Peter Jacksons ""
The name "Ailinel" might be related to the Quenya term "aelin" ("lake, pool") and the feminine suffix "-el"
Mexican avocados not expected in U.S .
Norman Cates is the digital compositor and artist in The Lord of the Rings trilogy
" Right after Edgar made contact , I knew I had to score , " said Tavarez . "
Ufedhin was significantly one of the corrupt Elves who helped treacherous Dwarves from Belegost and Nogrod past the Girdle of Melian, and also helping to incite the Dwarves already inside the Thousand Caves to war in order to seize the cursed treasure of Mîm
NEW YORK AT CALIFORNIA
Information Minister Marwan Muasher says there is evidence that " some official parties in Iraq " were behind the disturbances in the south .
Belgium - 1 - Filip De Wilde , 2 - Bertrand Crasson , 3 - Dirk Medved , 4 - Pascal Renier , 16 - Geoffrey Claeys , 6 - Gunther Schepens ( 15 - Nico Van Kerckhoven , 81st ) , 10 - Enzo Scifo , 7 - Gert Verheyen ( 14 - Frederic Peiremans , 62nd ) , 9 - Marc Degryse , 8 - Luc Nilis , 11- Luis Oliveira ( 18 - Gilles De Bilde , 88th ) .
TOKYO 1996-08-29
Having fled with his people to the fortress of the Hornburg from Edoras, he was among those forced to defend the fortress from Sarumans army of Uruk-hai
Arminas was a Ñoldorin Elf of the First Age
The Stoors were one of the three breeds of hobbits who mostly inhabited swampy areas
2. Mark Richardson ( Britain ) 45.38
298 Steve Schneiter 77 74 76 71 , Paul Stankowski 74 75 74 75 ,
The dead were all Russians and Ukrainians , coming to work in the mining towns of Barentsburg and Pyramiden .
There he alienated most of the Men against the Elves
Sjeng Schalken ( Netherlands ) beat Gilbert Schaller ( Austria ) 6- 3 6-4 6-7 ( 6-8 ) 6-3
Lewis , making a rare appearance in Europe in a sprint race , left the track with a slight limp .
Though they were mainly used in smithing, Dwarves also wielded hammers that were specifically made for battle
In "The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug", when Bilbo Baggins falls from the trees when killing a Giant Spider in Mirkwood, he loses the One Ring
2. Rolf Sorensen ( Denmark ) Rabobank
CRICKET - INDIA BANS SIDHU FOR 50 DAYS .
CRICKET - AUSTRALIA 228-9 IN 50 OVERS V SRI LANKA .
Sudanese police have arrested three people trying to smuggle sewing machines and army clothing to Sudanese opposition groups in Eritrea , an official newspaper reported on Saturday .
Thirty-six people have died so far this year in conflicts over land in the Brazilian countryside , including 19 landless peasants massacred by police in April in the northern state of Para .
Rían was a Sindarin name, thought to have meant "crowned gift", originating from the words "rî", meaning "crown", and "ann", meaning "gift"
Meanwhile, Thorin charged his companions with looking for the Arkenstone within the hoard of treasure, and gifted Bilbo a mithril shirt for his bravery
Therefore, Pippin loosely saw himself as fighting off the Ruffians with the authority of the King supporting him
China raised indignant protests after several Japanese cabinet ministers visited a shrine dedicated to their country 's war dead on August 15 , the 51st anniversary of Japan 's World War Two surrender .
Matt Lawton hit a three-run homer off closer Mike Fetters with one out in the ninth to give Minnesota a 4-2 lead .
AMSTERDAM 1996-08-30
He wore a copper circlet around his head and was known for his fondness for metal above gold
" We Albanians , sons of Buzuku , believed our language had a written document but now we do not have it any more , " lamented scholar Musa Hamiti , told of the loss by the Vatican library .
Blackburn 2 ( Warhurst 34th , Bohinen 51st ) .
Ilúvatar makes the Ainur (meaning Holy Ones, singular form Ainu) by manifesting his concepts as living beings
NAIROBI 1996-08-23
-- Jim Ballantyne , London Newsroom +44 171 542 8062
LONDON 1996-08-22
In the War of the Ring, Sauron dispatched some Orcs to aid an Uruk-hai company sent by his two-faced vassal, Saruman, from Isengard; these two parties were soon joined by a pack of Moria Orcs
" But Ukraine cannot be economically oriented on Russia , even though those in some circles push us to do that . "
Before the Downfall of Númenor, Gondor was home to many Númenórean colonists, who either mixed blood with the indigenous Middle Men if they were friendly, or dispersed them into Ras Morthil, Dunland, and Drúadan Forest
CRICKET - ENGLAND V PAKISTAN FINAL TEST SCOREBOARD .
KeyCorp , contacted by phone , would not comment .
6 - MaliVai Washington ( U.S. ) beat Alex Corretja ( Spain ) 6-4
1. Ian Woosnam 510,258 pounds sterling
Stenning has rejected Diana 's claims and said he was being made a scapegoat to scare off press photographers .
A bus fell from a mountain road into a river in Pakistan-ruled Azad ( free ) Kashmir on Sunday , killing at least 19 people and injuring 11 , police said .
HARARE 1996-08-24
He like most Dwarves likes battle, but does not like Elves
Danish cleaning group ISS on Wednesday said it had signed a letter of intent to sell its troubled U.S unit ISS Inc to Canadian firm Aaxis Limited .
Peregrin Took, a member of the Fellowship of the Ring was knighted by King Elessar after the War of the Ring ended, for his services to Gondor during the Battle of the Pelennor Fields and the Battle of the Black Gate
Relations between China and Australia have been strained in recent weeks because of Australia 's plan to sell uranium to China 's rival Taiwan .
A Coronal of Silver and Gold is the thirteenth soundtrack of the Complete Recordings of ""
Rupam Banerjee
By TA 1300 mixed groups of Hobbits began settling in Bree-land, especially in the village of Staddle where they lived peacefully side by side with the Men of Bree
He also explains the synonymy of the terms "Gnomes" and "Ñoldor." Fumellar were glowing, red poppies that grew in the gardens of the Vala Lórien, which he was said to use often in his enchantments
BRUSSELS 1996-08-23
Like the rest of the Nazgûl, he lost his horse at the Ford of Bruinen and received a Fellbeast as his new mount
10. Shinichi Itoh ( Japan ) Honda 1:51.857
7 - Chris Walker ( England ) beat Julien Bonetat ( France ) 15-12
ATHENS 1996-08-28
- Palestinian President Arafat opens civilian struggle against Israel , calls on Palestinians to build in self-rule areas .
Afghan government military chief Ahmad Shah Masood briefed visiting U.S. Congressman Dana Rohrabacher on Tuesday on a peace plan for his wartorn country .
6. Endrio Leoni ( Italy ) Aki
U.N. officials said more than 1,000 aid workers will take part in the census from Sunday until Tuesday of the estimated 727,000 refugees in camps around the eastern Zairean border town of Goma .
The Exiled Ñoldor called themselves the "Etyañgoldi" in Quenya
Bruno suffered a cut eye in the opening round and the referee stopped the fight in the third as the Briton crumbled under a flurry of punches .
A Sudan Airways plane with 199 passengers and crew which was hijacked to Cyprus took off from Larnaca airport after refuelling and headed to Britain early on Tuesday , witnesses said .
Finn at first tries to make peace with the Danes only, but the Danes loyally insist that any peace agreement must include Hengest and his men
Manthor died in woods next to Nen Girith, by an arrow-wound from Avranc, who earlier had turned against him and broken his command
2. Andrea Collinelli ( Italy ) 4:17.696
Bilbo was the bearer of the One Ring for six decades, ignorant of its significance
Summoned to Orthanc, Freca was persuaded by Saruman to join with the growing power of Sauron in a bid to weaken the Kingdom of Rohan
-- Chicago newsdesk 312 408 8720--
At 1347 GMT , December Euromark futures were trading at 96.78 , two basis points down on the day .
Ieng Sary was sentenced to death in absentia for his role in the mass genocide in Cambodia during the Khmer Rouge rule of terror between 1975-1979 when over a million people were executed or died of starvation , disease or overwork in mass labour camps .
The Ring-inscription was a Black Speech inscription in Tengwar script upon the One Ring, symbolizing the Rings power to control the other Rings of Power
Chile 's ENAP buys Oriente , Escravos crude for Oct .
China 961 1,683 5,539
At his home, Durin IV is encouraged by Disa that he is still the heir to the kingdom, despite his fathers decision and disappointment, and that the mithril shall be theirs when Durin IIIs reign ends
While the attack is occurring, the Fellowship of the Ring (minus Sam and Frodo, who apparently fell at Mount Doom) arrives with the Army of the Dead, but the Dead soon disappear and all Fellowship members are slain
However, most Warg-riders were loyal to the evil leaders of Mordor
At this stage of development, the Gnomes were called by Men "Widris", that means "wisdom" or "wise"
Central African Republic walkover v Burundi
Slovakia - Lubomir Moravcik ( 13th ) , Peter Dubovsky ( 88th )
Wang was jailed for two years for organising street protests after the military crushed pro-democracy demonstrations by students at Beijing 's Tiananmen Square on June 4 , 1989 , with heavy loss of life .
Later, Saruman uses the palantír to commit Isengard to Saurons war effort, and Sauron commands him to build an army "worthy of Mordor"
Himlad means "cool plain", from the Sindarin "him" ("cool") and "lad" ("plain")
BELCHATOW , Poland 1996-08-27
Thranduil, bitter over his rift with Thrór, withdraws alongside his forces, making Thorin hateful of Elves for a long period
Gems (or Gemstones) were minerals especially beautiful and desired by peoples of Arda
Strasbourg 1 ( Zitelli 80th ) Le Havre 0 .
SOCCER - UKRAINE BEAT NORTHERN IRELAND IN WORLD CUP QUALIFIER .
"Balchorth" is probably a version of the Sindarin term "balchoth, "which means horrible horde
Ironically , Karbacher two years ago ended Ivan Lendl 's Grand Slam career here when the former champion had to retire in the middle of their first-round match .
As for U.S. Treasury securities , Widness explained that Alan Greenspan 's reappointment as chairman of the Federal Reserve and the outlook for the federal budget were more important than whether Rubin continues at the Treasury .
Linford Christie has confirmed he will run in a " Dream Team " sprint relay at the Berlin grand prix athletics meeting on Friday .
Upon reaching their native country, however, they found it to be usurped by Ruffians and unfriendly hobbits under the rule of Lotho Sackville-Baggins, who had begun the process of turning the Shire into an industrial center
In Palisor Elves and Men lived together in peace, but Fankil, a servant of Melko, alienated most of the Men against the Elves
Catherine Thiel provided the movements of each type of soldier, like the unique fighting styles (designed by Tony Wolf) or fleeing
By morning, the Men of Gondor lost almost 350 of their men and then abandon the city and retreat with only a few hundred survivors
Germany 's representative to the European Union 's veterinary committee Werner Zwingmann said on Wednesday consumers should buy sheepmeat from countries other than Britain until the scientific advice was clearer .
Nori chooses to depart from the Harfoots with the Stranger, on their own adventure, northwestward
The Lords of Dor-lómin were as follows: The fire of Orthanc was an explosive craft of the Wizard Sarumans making that was used by his host to bring down large fortifications
The central bank management could be lifted if Sao Paulo state decided to take part in the recent federal government 's plan to restructure state banks .
Viral meningitis has killed 10 people in Romania 's capital Bucharest this month in what doctors said on Thursday was the worst epidemic of its type in the country for a decade .
The evil Haradrim Men take influence from Aztecs and Kiribati after bad feedback from Phillipa Boyens over looking African
Sirion is a Sindarin word containing the element "sîr", meaning "river"
The rather ominous line about rafts, men (i.e., raft-elves), and beasts disappearing in the Long Marshes suggests that Tolkien had some adventure in mind for what unpleasantness would have befallen the hobbit and his companions had they found their way into the marshes...We do, however, have a description of sinister cannibalistic monsters lurking in a swamp in another of Tolkiens works: his poem ‘The Mewlips’ (ATB poem #9).1 Given the degree to which Tolkien borrowed freely from his earlier works when writing "The Hobbit" – what I have elsewhere called his knack for autoplagiarism – it would be entirely in keeping for him to have done the same here, but in the event the story took a different direction and Bilbo luckily avoided having to slog through the marshes entirely." The Battle of Sarn Athrad was a battle fought during the early sixth century of the First Age, at Sarn Athrad in East Beleriand
In late writings (see "The Peoples of Middle-earth"), Tolkien speculated that this Galdor and Galdor of the Tree may have been the same , but he ultimately rejected the notion: if Galdor had remained behind, he would either have completely rejected the call of the Valar, and thus have fallen, or he would have had to leave and then return like Glorfindel did, which would make him a far more powerful person than his appearance in "The Lord of the Rings" suggests
A consortium of telephone companies and The Walt Disney Co .
The styles for men were very diverse according to different ancestry
Thorin is crushed, and turns to Bilbo in rage when the hobbit reveals that he gave Bard the treasure
The Witch-kings other primary weapon was a great, deadly mace which can shatter shields or kill enemies in one swing
23. Poland 8.12
Vinyamar was probably a Quenya word for "new home"
"Edhellos" (or "Eðellos") is the Sindarin translation of her name
Théoden pardons the Dunlendings and Aragorn pardons the Haradrim and Easterlings following their defeats
In the east, King Thingol lead the forces of Beleriand, with the aid of Denethor and his Nandor and Green Elves from Ossiriand, and completely defeated the Orcs of the eastern army
Cirion realised that the Éothéod as a people needed more room to flourish, and that they would make for a strong ally to Gondor against the growing threat of Sauron and the continued harassment of the Easterlings
-- St Ansgar Community School District , Iowa , $ 3.334 million general obligation school bonds .
Their leader was Duilin of Gondolin and he was the swiftest and greatest archer amongst all the houses of Gondolin
Under him, Maedhros host held the east to draw out the army of Angband while Fingon and his host would attack from the west
-- Andrew Huddart , London Newsroom , +44 171 542 8716
England 326 all out
The ball bounced back to Smicer 's feet and he scored .
Swiss league leaders Neuchatel Xamax said on Tuesday they would appeal against a nine-month ban imposed on French international defender Jean-Pierre Cyprien for his part in a post-match brawl .
LONDON 1996-08-24
The wind lance itself resembles a giant crossbow or ballista (an ancient Roman weapon)
SUGO , Japan 1996-08-25
Beleram was created for "The Lord of the Rings: War in the North", and is voiced by John Patrick Lowrie
In the Second Age, Harfoots traveling through a nearby forest conjectured that their route must have been determined by the blocking of the pass
Norbert College, Wisconsin for 29 years, he is an expert in academic pursuits similar to J.R.R. Tolkiens: he has written three works concerning "Beowulf" and one on "Sir Gawain and the Green Knight", and researches early languages
For his bravery in battle, King Éomer, as the new King of Rohan, knighted him and gave him the name of "Holdwine"
A Hong Kong carpenter was arrested in the Thai seaside town of Pattaya after police seized 18 kg ( 39.7 pounds ) of heroin following complaints by residents of a noisy saw , police said on Thursday .
The entire poem reads: Gandalf first learned of the Ring-inscription when he read the account that Isildur had written before marching north to his death and the loss of the Ring
A stair built by the Men of Gondor allowed passage from Nen Hithoel down to the river below the Falls
SOCCER - AUSTRIA BEAT SCOTLAND 4-0 IN EUROPEAN UNDER-21 MATCH .
Amidst the sounding of the trumpets, the Valar came out of the west, and after the Battle of the Powers Utumno was besieged and destroyed in YT 1099, and Melkor was chained for about three thousand years
9. Johan Lisabeth ( Belgium ) 13.75
"The Two Towers" also includes representations of most of the members of the Fellowship of the Ring who were living during its setting
But Gandalf stood firm and declared that the Balrog could not pass
The Fallohides were more bold and adventurous than the Harfoots, and many of them became leaders of the Harfoot villages
Daniel Westlake , 46 , from Victoria , made the first sucessful escape from Klongprem prison in the northern outskirts of the capital on Sunday night .
TIRANA 1996-08-27
John Crawley 2 3 0 178 106 59.33
CRICKET - SCOREBOARD-AUSTRALIA V ZIMBABWE ONE-DAY SCOREBOARD .
The Dutch transport minister Annemarie Jorritsma told the country ' second chamber that there is no further need to investigate the 1992 crash of an El Al freighter which left 43 dead in an Amsterdam suburb .
The Rhosgobel rabbits that pull Radagasts sleigh show signs of intelligence, as they understand commands given to them in Westron
Adamant was a mythical stone of impenetrable hardness
Much later, during the Third Age, some Stoors lived near the streams of Gladden, and from them came Déagol, who found the Ring, and was killed by Sméagol (Gollum), who long held the Ring
Nowadays (according to Tolkiens fiction), they are very shy creatures, but they are and have been capable of amazing things
NORTHAMPTON , England 1996-08-31
Calimehtar and his Northmen allies finally met the Wainriders on Dagorlad where they defeated them
She departs Armenelos on the tenth day since Míriels decision aboard one of three ships bound for Middle-earth
OReilly portrays the character of Mrs
August 7-11 Fifth test ( at Trent Bridge , Nottingham )
The name Falmari means "Wave-folk", from the Quenya terms "fala" ("foam") and "falma" ("wave as it breaks")
Police detained Wang on Friday and would not let his family meet him or say where he was being held , the group said .
-- Fatima Cristina , Sao Paulo newsroom , 55-11-2324411
MOTORCYCLING - JAPANESE WIN BOTH ROUND NINE SUPERBIKE RACES .
Stich said he felt the players ought to have organised an active protest .
The Quenya names continued to be used in the Scroll of the Kings out of fear of breaking with tradition
The television also said that Netanyahu had sent messages to reassure Syria via Cairo , the United States and Moscow .
Pallando and Alatar (known as the Blue Wizards for their sea-blue robes) traveled to the east of Middle-earth with Curumo (Saruman the White) to aid some men and subdue others, primarily the Easterlings and Southrons who worshiped Sauron, and whose numbers were steadily increasing
CAIRO 1996-08-28
He passes out from the exertion and when he regains consciousness, he feels much braver and names his sword Sting
Draugluin means "Blue wolf" in Sindarin, from "draug" ("wolf") and "luin" ("blue")
He afterwards joined Théodens army and presumably fought at Helms Deep
RAF Riga - Agrins Zarins ( 47th )
He was succeeded by his son Turambar
Estë is a Quenya word that meant rest
MILWAUKEE AT CLEVELAND
NEW YORK 1996-08-29
Pires , one of the most promising strikers in the country , was called up for the first time this week by French manager Aime Jacquet for a friendly against Mexico on Saturday at the Parc des Princes .
He was also a master archer, able to bring down foes from afar, and when stealth and archery were of no avail, he was more than capable with his weapons and shields
Under Folcwine, one éored was made up of 120 riders including their captain
He told Reuters the reason was his own front-page editorial , entitled " A Chronic Mental Illness " in which he attacks compliant Arab leaders for serving U.S. and Israeli interests .
Three African leaders -- from Niger , Guinea and Ghana -- are expected to attend the celebrations marking September 1 , 1969 when a group of young army officers , led by a 27-year-old Gaddafi , deposed King Mohammed Idris .
7. Michel Zanoli ( Netherlands ) MX Onda
SEOUL 1996-08-27
In the west the Gap of Calenardhon was protected by the two fortresses of Angrenost and Aglarond, although in later centuries Dunlendings increasingly began to infiltrate Calenardhon unchecked
Legolas eventually lost Orcrist and has to pull out one of his knives as Bolg proves to be a stronger Orc than the others, and makes Legolas bleed for the first time
Not long after the news of the Dragon Smaug’s death spread throughout Middle-earth, Wargs and Goblins united to claim the Lonely Mountain as their own, but were defeated by an alliance of Dwarves, Elves, Lake-men, and Great Eagles in the Battle of Five Armies
After the War of Wrath, Eärendil, with the Silmaril upon his brow, sailed Vingilot into the sky where the jewel shines forever as a morning star (the equivalent to )
Banisadr , an avowed opponent of the Tehran government who now lives in exile , accused top Iranian leaders of personally ordering the assassination of three exiled Kurdish leaders in a Berlin restaurant in 1992 .
LTTE spokesmen could not immediately be reached for comment , but Sri Lankan fishermen denied that Indians were being coerced into carrying refugees across the Palk Strait .
She is known for compiling "" (2015) with Tolkien scholar Janet Brennan Croft
CRICKET - CROFT RESTRICTS PAKISTAN TO 225-5 .
There are two main types of verbs: basic verbs, those which are formed from the basic verbal base, such as "tire" ("tiri"-) "watch" from *TIR, and derivative verbs, which are formed either by putting verbal suffixes to a base like "tulta"- "summon", from *TUL "come", or derived from non-verbal bases like "kúna"- "bend", originally an adjective "bent"
Amoco says in talks over Yemen oil acreage .
He is a skilled fighter and expert archer, having been trained with weapons from an early age
When Faramir, captain of Gondor, was fleeing from the besieged city of Osgiliath on his way to Minas Tirith, he and his men were many times beset by winged Nazgûl until Gandalf rode out and drove them away with a shaft of white light from his raised hand
Isildur committed Gondor to the rule of his nephew Meneldil, son of his brother Anárion, from whom the next thirty one kings would descend
Economist Joel Naroff of First Union bank in Philadelphia said consumer spending , which fuels two-thirds of the nation 's economy , may be much slower in the third quarter than in the first half , which should slow economic growth .
F.C. Brasov 4 1 1 2 6 10 4
SOFIA 1996-08-22
Their hide was as thick as stone and nigh-impervious to physical attacks. It is stated that they were created by Melkor, although its not clear exactly how. The Ent Treebeard says that trolls were "made in mockery" of Ents, as Orcs were of Elves, though not necessarily from Entish stock
The name Hirilondë is Quenya which means "Haven-finder", from "londë" ("haven")
1. Dionne Rose ( Jamaica ) 12.83
The Silver Wings special ability can buff its controllers heroes attacks and reduces their starting threat by 3
Later, the Nazgûl Isildur resurrected Castamir as a barrow-wight along with many other men of Minas Ithil, in an effort to vanquish Talion
He had earlier visited Japan , South Korea and China .
Many Elves of the Swanhaven are killed, and the Noldoli embark with all of their ships
TIRANA 1996-08-23
As a result, it came to be called Minas Morgul, the Tower of Dark Sorcery
The Easterlings were a human race who ultimately followed both Dark Lords and fought as their allies in war in different parts of history
His wifes name is Penny, they have three children: Samantha, Jessica and Daniel
After the Faring Forth, the Elves were utterly defeated in battle here by the wicked Men of the Great Lands who had invaded Leithian
Grand Prix athletics meeting on Friday :
The name Beren means "Bold" in Ñoldorin Quenya
" The President of the Republic Costis Stephanopoulos signed the decree for the dissolution of parliament , " a presidency statement said .
Emese Bartha
"Halbarad" is mostly Sindarin in origin: "hal" (tall) + "barad" (tower) = "tall tower"
The Free Peoples player (the defender) has the opportunity to choose which of his companions to bring Deck strategies
Hardang was a Man, and Chieftain of the Men of Brethil during the First Age
WASHINGTON 1996-08-30
The Story of Kullervo tells the powerful story of a doomed young man who is sold into slavery and who swears revenge on the magician who killed his father
Robins namesake appears in the third volume of "The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King
He had taken into his service Orcs and Uruk-hai, and would eventually recruit the Dunlendings to again assail their neighbors in Rohan
6. Maicel Malone ( U.S. ) 50.51
Garrity said a train conductor was also injured .
"The Fellowship of the Ring" is the third most voted movie on IMDb (only after " and The Dark Knight "), with an average of 814,515 votes as of December 16, 2013
The name of the House finds its origin in the Quenya version of Elvish
The Army of the Dead then followed Aragorn to Pelargir, where they defeated the Corsairs of Umbar
Dorwinion comes from the Sindarin "dor" ("land") and the Westron "winion" ("of wine")
Aamir Sohail c Cork b Croft 46
Summary of game played in the Spanish first division on Saturday : Deportivo Coruna 1 ( Corentine Martins , 22nd minute ) Real Madrid 1 ( Roberto Carlos 79th ) .
COLOMBO 1996-08-28
Syria has held sporadic peace talks with Israel since 1991 without achieving a breakthrough .
LONDON 1996-08-26
Crawley , unbeaten on 94 overnight in an England total of 278 for six , was spotted strumming a guitar in the dressing-room as the Oval ground staff took centre stage .
Gondolinic Runes were the first runic system invented by Tolkien, who created them in the first half of 1920s
" Besides the Tankan , there 's nothing really until the U.S. jobs numbers next week , " said a UK bank corporate dealer . "
" Sixty days ago I directed the attorney general to draw up a plan for a national registry of sex offenders , " Clinton said . "
The Costa Rican government said on Wednesday that a Dutch couple abducted over the weekend from a tree farm in northern Costa Rica was kidnapped by former Nicaraguan guerrillas .
All the hostages were freed on Tuesday after the plane landed at Stansted airport , north of London .
A fire has completely gutted a Turkish-operated restaurant in a Bahraini village , residents said .
Kim , an unrepentant communist , was captured during the Korean War and released after spending more than 30 years in a southern jail .
In the original draw , Medvedev and Fleurian were slotted to play each other .
The three Silmarils were set into the crown, fastened by iron claws
His second ability is also a passive, any hill-men including Hwaldar that kills any units gains that units build pay returned to the player
Some scholars have conjectured that Tolkien took inspiration for Valarin from the , because the general style of the language of the gods of his mythos is reminiscent of such words as "Etemenanki", the name of the of
R. Kaluwitharana b Tendulkar 53
A U.S. diplomat in charge of elections in Bosnia announced earlier that municipal polls due on September 14 with other Bosnian elections would be put off because of irregularities by the Serbs in registering voters .
Other Telerin Elves such as Nowë (Círdan) were said to be akin to Olwë
While Machado was not a contestant here , she came under intense scrutiny following reports she was given an ultimatum by Los Angeles-based Miss Universe Inc. to drop 27 pounds ( 12 kg ) in two weeks or risk losing her crown .
1. Ludmila Engquist ( Sweden ) 12.60 seconds
4. Natalya Sadova ( Russia ) 61.64
Estonia 's parliament again failed to elect a new state president on Tuesday when neither of two candidates secured a majority in second-round voting .
Elanor lived during the 60 years between when the Dwarves reclaim the Lonely Mountain (Erebor) and when Bilbo has to let go of the One Ring in "Fellowship of the Ring"
Thus, some aspects of Ilkorin may have survived into North Sindarin
The Sindarin word Mithrim consists of "mith" meaning grey and "rim" meaning folk
8. Irina Yatchenko ( Belarus ) 58.92
His Éored hunted down the Uruk-hai that had taken Meriadoc Brandybuck and Peregrin Took as they camped near Fangorn Forest, slaying them all
Delegates to the commission from the other 10 provinces will be installed progressively from next week with the provinces of North and South Kivu , Maniema , Shaba and Bandundu having priority , he said .
At Thorins burial, Thranduil decided it was more appropriate to place it on Thorins tomb, and did so, along with the Arkenstone
It eventually came to be part of the Dwarven treasure hoard of the Lonely Mountain
It was an eastern bay of the Inland Sea of Helcar, formed by the meltwaters of the pillar of Illuin
The Dunlendings later became bitter enemies of Rohan
When the Men of Númenor were buried under falling hills, Tirion, along with all the Undying Lands, was taken out of mortal reach forever
Petr Korda ( Czech Republic ) bat Bohdan Ulihrach ( Czech
Aredhel stepped in front of it and was hit by it and because of its poison, she died that night from the wound
There, he sees the dragon asleep on piles of treasure
This same word was also used by Legolas, indicating that it was either Sindarin or Silvan Elvish in origin
" At 4.50 a.m. Iraq time ( 0050 GMT ) Iraqi forces began an artillery attack on the outskirts of Arbil , " the spokesman , who asked not to be identified , told Reuters in a telephone call .
"Animalic" and "Nevbosh" ("New Nonsense") were the first languages that Tolkien invented during his youth and from the latter he developed another language called "Naffarin" (inspired to and ). Tolkien was a professional linguist and a specialist in the Old English language, but he was also interested in many languages outside his field
After the victory of the Free Peoples in the Battle of the Pelennor Fields, the enemy retreated to Mordor
Maedhros and Maglor, Fëanors two surviving sons, stole the Silmarils from Eönwë, but they found the Silmarils would not tolerate their touch, instead tormenting them with burning pain
It was Agassi who was at the centre of the controversy that engulfed the tournament since the original draw was completed on Wednesday .
The victory extended to 29 matches France 's unbeaten run under coach Aime Jacquet , their Euro 96 semifinal elimination having come in a penalty shoot-out , but was marred by the sending-off of Chelsea central defender Franck Leboeuf .
Brilthor was a Sindarin word that meant Glittering Torrent
B. Hogg not out 11
ANSA said Stevanin was unable to recall how he had killed the women , remembering only that he had found them " lifeless in his arms " after having sadmasochistic sex with them .
Although Espinho 's Nail Besirovic put the home side back on terms in the 35th minute , Sporting quickly restored their lead .
"The Lord of the Rings" film trilogy
Aleksandra Olsza ( Poland ) beat 12 - Magdalena Maleeva ( Bulgaria ) 6-4 6-2
DHAKA 1996-08-25
Under his leadership, the Longbeards recovered the region from the Dourhands
LONDON 1996-08-26
Tsang said the market would continue to appreciate because property and land were scarce .
The spokesman Peter Lerner said he knew nothing about soldiers having stolen anything from the Palestinians .
Fore example, using only Quenya words from "The Lord of the Rings" in 1973 in the third number of Forodrims "Palantiren" Björn Fromén published the "Valinorenna", a poem about Celebríans farewell to Elrond
the FDA said .
3. Rose Cheruiyot ( Kenya ) 15:05.41
MOSCOW 1996-08-26
Borondir was a skilled rider from out of Minas Tirith, descended from the Northmen of Rhovanion who entered Gondor in the noontide of that realm
She flew continuously until she found her husbands sailing ship, the Vingilot
The term Athelas consists of the Sindarin terms "athaya" ("helpful, beneficial") and "lass" ("leaf")
10,000 New Zealand cricket fans provided the sound of the Uruk-hai army in "The Two Towers", with Jackson acting as conductor during a single cricket break
About 1,000 people have been killed in Egypt since Islamic militants took up arms in 1992 in an attempt to overthrow the government and set up a strict Islamic state .
The Orcs then blasted open the gate, destroying the arch with the blasting-fire
Clinton wins Democratic re-nomination .
Dukla Banska Bystrica 4 3 0 1 7 2 9
Jim Brady then gave a big thumbs to the audience .
French centre Philippe Sella also enjoyed a good game alongside Lynagh , although the home team scored only one try through England scrum-half Kyran Bracken .
They said two of the three offices Israel wanted closed had been shut .
Scores after three rounds ( Britain unless stated ) :
Russian police in the Urals city of Perm are on the trail of a serial killer who has claimed his seventh victim in just a few months , Itar-Tass news agency said on Tuesday .
Saurons purpose was to instil fear amongst the Army of the West, and also to ease the passing of his minions who feared daylight
" Ukraine 's biggest achievements for five years are the preservation of civil peace and inter-ethnic harmony , " President Leonid Kuchma said in televised statement this week .
Standings after games played on Sunday ( tabulate under -
It is clear from his discussion of the early history of the Éothéod in "Unfinished Tales" that the Northmen in Rhovanion were defeated and enslaved by the Wainriders
Russian double Olympic swimming champion Alexander Popov was in a serious condition on Monday after being stabbed on a Moscow street .
They have already signed an association agreement with the European Union and are both part of the Central European Free Trade Area , which also comprises Hungary , Slovakia and the Czech Republic .
Appendix F is the sixth and last appendix to J.R.R. Tolkiens "The Lord of the Rings"
An assembly of nearly a thousand folk were present
After the Harfoots had migrated westward in the years following TA 1050, the Fallohides followed them around TA 1150
The premier , who is due to meet his Turkish counterpart Necmettin Erbakan on Tuesday , will also be discussing the postponed Bosnian elections , a foreign ministry official said .
7. Simon Crafar ( New Zealand ) Kawasaki 133
" They moult in the summer , so five or six months down the track , I would have looked like the guilty party , " Drew said .
Later Fangli with the Dwarves and Goblins went among Men, and bred estrangement between them and the Elves; and many Men aided the Dwarves
Suu Kyi said once the activists were sentenced , they suffered inhuman conditions and lack of rights in prison .
Around SA 1600, Sauron forged the One Ring in the depths of the Cracks of Doom, which was built within Mount Doom itself
The army consisted mostly of Orcs, though it also contained Men of Harad, Variags of Khand, Easterlings from Rhûn, Trolls, Half-trolls of Far Harad, Wargs, Mûmakil, Black Uruks and Nazgûl mounted upon Fellbeasts, and they also had naval support from the Corsairs of Umbar
In ", Legolas uses Orcrist to stay his father Thranduils blade when intervening in a conflict between he and Tauriel, in Dale
With one out , Greer hit a 1-1 pitch from Julian Tavarez ( 4-7 ) over the right-field fence for his 15th home run .
Hareth was a Quenya word that meant Lady
Col .
The moment the One Ring was thrown into the fires of Mount Doom and was unmade, Barad-dûr collapsed into ruin, never to be rebuilt
He also earned the hatred of the Dwarves of that region, for they claimed the treasure of Scatha
During the Fall of Gondolin, Tuor used Dramborleg and clove five Balrogs to death
The Thai army commander in the area , Col Suvit Maenmuan , told reporters the DKBA , which is allied with the Rangoon military government and based in southeast Burma , had recently stepped up cross-border infiltration .
The Orcs were quickly scattered by a relief force of Woodmen who nonetheless came too late
R. Ponting c and b Whittall 53
Minas Ithil housed a palantír, the Ithil-stone and the first White Tree of Gondor
U.S. President Bill Clinton had to drop the resort of Ballybunion from a whirlwind Irish tour last year .
MADRID 1996-08-28
BOXING - KNOCK-OUT SPECIALIST MILLER DEFENDS TITLE .
Elves, Orcs, Goblins, and Men used bows for hunting or warfare, though Dwarves disliked them, preferring their axes
Bilbo Baggins discovered Sting in the year TA 2941 in a Troll-hoard, and used it during the Quest of Erebor
The Witch-kings portrayal in the film is also different from in the book
His father-name "Eärendil" is Quenya for "Lover of the Sea", from "eä" ("sea") and the suffix "-ndil" ("devoted to, friend, lover")
and Mika Hakkinen of Finland was third in a McLaren .
No more mild-mannered and meek Al Gore , the vice president and likely heir apparent to President Bill Clinton , emerged on Monday as the new Democratic attack dog leading a front-line assault on Bob Dole and House Speaker Newt Gingrich .
She later volunteers to serve in Bards army when they ally with Thranduils army to claim some of the treasure that was kept in the mountain
7. Eliud Barngetuny ( Kenya ) 8:17.66
Eventually, Bain, Bards son, arrives to aid his father with a Black Arrow
Setubal , who put on a skilful counter-attack throughout the game , opened the scoring 16 minutes into the match when an unmarked Chiquinho Conde shot around Porto 's new Polish keeper Andrejez Wozniak .
NEW YORK 1996-08-30
The Dwarves and Men of Dale stood for three days against the Easterlings, and once the news of Saurons death spread to the Lonely Mountain the Easterlings retreated
The fellbeast attacked and quickly killed Snowmane, Théodens horse
The Sindarin word Edain, singular "Adan" (Quenya "Atani", "Atan"), meant second people, and originally referred to all mankind - later it applied specifically to the Men of Beleriand and their descendants
There was no independent confirmation of the report which the spokesman said came from the organisation 's members in Arbil .
His mother-name was Tyelkormo ("Hasty-riser"), from the Quenya word "tyelka" ("hasty"), possibly in references to his quick temper and habit of leaping when angered
Middle Men had lived in the lands of Gondor before its official founding, and swore allegiance to its rule
Eru destroyed the Númenórean host, by crushing it under stones, imprisoning Ar-Pharazôn and his men in the Caves of the Forgotten
Bolg later appears at Ravenhill with his second army to aid Azog
WASHINGTON 1996-08-27
He said they had made various requests to police negotiators but stepped back from earlier suggestions that the hijackers had asked to speak to a British-based Iraqi police named as Mr Sadiki .
Nimbrethils birches were used by Eärendil to build his well-known ship Vingilot
8. Lasse Lampi ( Finland ) Mitsubishi Lancer 12:01
Palantir in Quenya means "far sighted," as Palantir indeed saw the destruction that would come to Númenor if it continued down its path of disobedience to the Valar
Canada savings bonds 30.12 - 0.004 +0.578
In SA 3429, the Dúnedain of Gondor defended the city of Osgiliath from the hosts of Mordor in a prolonged conflict, shortly before the formal formation of the Last Alliance
They first appeared in TA 1944 in the northeast of Middle-earth, fighting alongside the Easterling tribe known as the Wainriders
On the road to Minas Tirith, Théodens army received help from Ghân-buri-Ghân, chieftain of the Drúedain, and came to the Rammas Echor at dawn of March 15 of the year 3019
His Adûnaic name was Ar-Inziladûn, which means "Flower of the West"
66 Stephen Field , Paul Lawrie , Ian Pyman , Max Anglert
Belthronding was a bow of black yew-wood
Gandalf, meanwhile, left both his companions of the Fellowship and Théoden and rode urgently to meet up with Treebeard, who led the Ents against Isengard and coordinated the attack of the Huorns upon Sarumans forces at Helms Deep
The Haladin first had settled in Thargelion after arriving in Beleriand, since they were unwilling to settle in Estolad with the peoples of Bëor and Marach
" When talking to Tarmac about the M3 link ( through Twyford Down ) they made it fairly clear that their risk assessment methods have been changed and now involve a very clear environmental risk analysis . "
The dollar weakened during the day with many dealers sidelined because of uncertainty over Tokyo 's monetary direction ahead of the important Japanese Tankan economic survey out on Wednesday .
MILWAUKEE , Wisconsin 1996-08-31
Theo become beleaguered when Orcs return to the village, and is only saved by Arondirs return from captivity at the hands of Adar
Saeed Anwar not out 116
Wall ( 8-4 ) allowed three hits , walked two and struck out seven as the Astros moved 1-1/2 games ahead of the Cardinals for the lead in the National League Central .
With the aid of Merry, Éowyn slew the Witch-king, and thus won great renown among all the peoples of the west for her bravery
He was well backed by England hopeful Mark Butcher who made 70 as Surrey closed on 429 for seven , a lead of 234 .
72 Niclas Fasth ( Sweden ) , Michael Jonzon ( Sweden ) , Chistian
British farmers denied on Thursday there was any danger to human health from their sheep , but expressed concern that German government advice to consumers to avoid British lamb might influence consumers across Europe .
Men of Numenor yearning for the west could see its lights from both the haven of Andúnië and from the decks of their great ships
But Fischler agreed to review his proposal after the EU 's standing veterinary committee , mational animal health officials , questioned if such action was justified as there was only a slight risk to human health .
Other Men included in this general designation include the men of Bree-land, the Men of Dale
On his accession to the throne Turambar moved quickly against the Easterlings who had slain his father and invaded his peoples lands
6. Pier Francesco Chili ( Italy ) Ducati 175
BANGLADESH 'S MONEY SUPPLY
Graham Gooch , the 43-year-old former England captain , is to continue playing county cricket for at least another season , his club Essex announced on Tuesday .
The bronze medal went to another German , Jan Van Eijden , in 1:04.541 .
" I knew I had to serve well and keep the points short and that 's what I was able to do , " said Nestor , who ranks 10th in doubles .
Thráin II was the father of Thorin II Oakenshield, and the son of King Thrór, making him a direct descendant of Durin the Deathless
Aeglos or Aiglos was the famed Elvish glaive of Gil-galad, last High King of the Ñoldor, and was used in the War of the Last Alliance
It was the second-greatest treasure of Doriath, prized above all except Beren and Lúthiens Silmaril
SATURDAY , AUGUST 31 SCHEDULE
The Great Goblin tries to eat Thorin for carrying Orcrist the Goblin Cleaver, but is killed by Gandalf
In TA 1050 the Men of Gondor were able to subdue the Haradrim, forcing them to pay tribute and send the sons of their Chiefs as hostages to be raised in Gondor
He played Percy, the porter at Lake-town Gate and the second-in-command of Bards army in and "
Then the Vala Aulë erected two great columns: one in the north, Helcar, and another in the south, Ringil
68 Steve Stricker
A U.S. appeals court on Tuesday gave Lloyd 's a reprieve , throwing out an injunction that the insurance giant said could have led to its collapse .
The commander of Russian troops in Chechnya , Vyacheslav Tikhomirov , and Chechen rebel chief-of-staff Aslan Mashadov signed the deal under which the troop withdrawal is to resume on Wednesday .
In ", it is revealed that Helm had had a ceremonial warhammer crafted from mithril as a gift to the Dwarves who had helped fortify Helms Deep, but had never accepted credit for doing so
Their chief vulnerability was exposure to sunlight, like the Barrow-wights of Tolkiens mythology
Popov told NTV television on Sunday he was in no danger and promised he would be back in the pool shortly . "
In 1980 of the Third Age, after centuries of greedily digging for mithril and other minerals, the Dwarves woke a Balrog that was sleeping in the deeps of the Misty Mountains since the First Age
The Guldur Orcs were heavier-built and larger than the Orcs that took over Erebor during the War of the Ring, though their armor and weapons are similar
5. Juergen Schult ( Germany ) 63.48
In TA 2851 the White Council met once more and, after that, Saruman began to search the Gladden Fields for the One Ring
Maedhros begged Fingon to kill him, but Fingon instead severed Maedhross hand by the wrist, and brought him back to the Ñoldorin camp
By special permission of the Valar, the Hobbits Frodo Baggins, Bilbo Baggins, and Samwise Gamgee were also permitted to go to Valinor, as they had once borne the One Ring of Sauron
Bilbo uses his ring to escape and manages to get the Arkenstone while Smaug flies around in rage and unleashes a torrent of flames around the treasure chamber in an attempt to roast the Hobbit alive before he can escape
Armoured cars had patrolled streets in Karak , traditional bastion of communist ideology and Baath socialism that swept the region in the 1950s , and guarded entrances to the hill-top city famed for its Crusader castle before the prayers .
AMSTERDAM 1996-08-25
Sutjeska 1 Loznica 0
Alexander Volkov ( Russia ) beat Mikael Tillstrom ( Sweden ) 1-6 6- 4 6-1 4-6 7-6 ( 10-8 )
Nolan Henke fired a nine-under-par 62 to grab a two-shot lead after the opening round of the $ 1.2 million Greater Milwaukee Open Thursday as 20-year-old Tiger Woods shot 67 in his professional debut .
Aragorn soon thereafter issued an edict that forbade the entrance of Men into the Shire without the hobbits permission and confirmed the settlement of Buckland
In a manuscript written to guide illustrators to the appearance of his characters, Tolkien explained this by saying that Gollum had pale skin, but wore dark clothes and was often seen in poor light
Gondolin, the city contained within Tumladen, survived for more than 503 years, the longest-lived of the Ñoldorin kingdoms
Dutch police said on Friday they had found missing German girl Nicole Nichterwitz alive on a campsite in the northern city of Groningen and had arrested her aunt and companion on charges of kidnapping .
They are overall much more grotesque than Goblins seen in the "Lord of the Rings" trilogy, being as tall as any Dwarf or Hobbit or some reaching to almost human height or even greater
ESCHEN , Liechtenstein 1996-08-31
Slovak police are also cooperating with Belgium in the search for An Marchal and Eefje Lambrecks , who went missing last August .
As such, it is highly likely that destroying silima was indeed possible
The general Eärnil then defeated the Wainriders at the Battle of the Camp in TA 1944, they were driven into the marshes where most perished
After the fall of Arthedain in TA 1974, the Shire became in effect a free land, with the Thains office replacing royal authority
The 27-year-old Sosa leads the league with 40 homers and is tied for 10th with 100 RBI .
His daughter, Haleth, led the Haladin through another week of starvation until one of the sons of Fëanor, Caranthir, came with his army and rescued them
6. Ryo 38:34.682
The Men of Bree also lived with Hobbits (the only Men to do so) who fled from the threat of Angmar that began arriving in TA 1300
The last King of Arthedain, Arvedui, gave the ring to the Lossoth of Forochel in thanks for the help he received from them, thus it was not drowned with him
The Harfoots went over the mountains making it as far as Weathertop and were later intermingled with the Fallohides settling there in the Weather Hills for a time
Alex Corretja ( Spain ) beat Byron Black ( Zimbabwe ) 7-6 ( 8-6 ) 3-6 6-2 6-2
2. Scott McGrory - Stephen Pate ( Australia ) 25
Hiding behind a tree, the Hobbits hush as Khamûl approached, catching their scent
LONDON 1996-08-23
It is an example of Clinton 's strategic planning as he heads into the stretch drive for the Nov. 5 presidential election .
LONDON 1996-08-25
The Men of the House of Hador in Dor-lómin were either scattered, killed, or enslaved, while the Ñoldor of Mithrim who failed to flee were enslaved in Morgoths mines
( Zimbabwe ) , Padraig Harrington ( Ireland ) , Pedro Linhart
The Ring itself is a luxurious ornament, but powerless, crafted by the Nazgûl (a group of ancient scientists and philosophers who take turns as the Nine to guide Mordor through its industrialization) to distract Gandalf and the Elves while Mordor built up its army
In the far south, near the rapids of Sarn Gebir, watched the northern guard of Gondor, and in the valleys of the Anduin lived Stoors (Hobbits)
Moin Khan 2 3 1 158 105 79.00
Barbara Rittner ( Germany ) beat 13 - Brenda Schultz-McCarthy (
Later, he commanded the right wing of the Rohirrim army sent to aid Gondor at the Battle of the Pelennor Fields, until he was slain by Orcs
Brooks 69 69 74 71 , Nick Faldo ( Britain ) 70 71 68 74
Of the Kings between Aldor and the 7th king Déor, little is known, but during the time of Déor, the Dunlendings, lesser Men who once dwelt in the mountains and vales but whom the Rohirrim drove west over the Isen upon entering Calenardhon, began again to raid the western borders of the Mark
Thranduil dismisses Tauriel after she threatens to kill the Orc, commenting that he doesnt care about the death of one Dwarf
When Smaug is finally awakened, Bard takes out the Black Arrow and prepares to use it, but as he and Bain attempt to get to the Dwarvish wind lance to mount the Black Arrow, the town guard began searching for Bard at the orders of the Master
However, Dervorin, as well as all the other lords, came with too few men to ensure a real victory for Gondor
According to Middle East Economic Survey ( MEES ) , Yemen and Amoco signed a " memorandum of understanding " for a production-sharing agreement in Shabwa Block No .
BONN 1996-08-27
Public prosecutors said they had found a list of children 's names and ages at the couple 's flat .
He ran for Chieftain of the Men of Brethil against Hardang, because Manthor was related to Brandir the Lame, the previous chieftain of the Haladin, and Manthor thought that he could win by his noble blood, as Brandir was his second-cousin
6. Geir Moen ( Norway ) 10.33
He was killed in Fangorn Forest when Éomer and his men attacked the Uruk-hai
Hagner 85th ) .
Martin Ayres
During the Battle of the Pelennor Fields, there is a reference to "men-like half-trolls", also called troll-men, but it is unclear whether these men actually had some trollish ancestry or were simply compared to trolls (for some readers, the first interpretation is supported by the similar and interchangeable terms "orc-men" and "half-orcs", referring to crossbreeds of Saruman)
AMSTERDAM 1996-08-22
Former England captain Will Carling , handed the kicking duties , finished with 20 points .
Quenya is one of the best attested languages in whole legendarium, thus the attempts to reconstruct a fully functional language are numerous
Aragorn dismissed the faint-hearted, ordering them to liberate Cair Andros on the river Anduin, further reducing the strength of the army
The only apparent effect of the Dwarven rings was that the Dwarves became more greedy with gold lust, but they were not turned into wraiths like men
After being saved, Sigrid and her sister try as much to restrain a dying Kíli in order to allow Tauriel to heal him with the Athelas plant that she obtains from Bofur
Afterwards in the Exile realm of Arnor, the Sceptre continued to be the emblem of royal authority, although this was the Sceptre of Annúminas, formerly the silver rod of the Lords of Andúnië
However, their sarcasm turned to terror when Aragorn II Elessar and his two companions, Legolas and Gimli, were revealed to be aboard the ships
There they joined forces with the exiled Gnomes, guided by Nólemë, and with them they fought at Gorfalong in the Battle of Unnumbered Tears against Melko and his host of monsters and wicked Men
He was said to be a great warrior, and served as chieftain and Lord of the Men of Brethil around the time of the Nírnaeth Arnoediad
The British government on Wednesday lowered the noise limits for London 's Heathrow , Gatwick and Stansted airports and announced it would make a bigger effort in detecting and fining violators .
One teen left dead by attack on U.S. slumber party .
The goblins who had planned to meet the wargs then arrived, and intended to recapture the members of the company, but were denied this when the company was rescued by the Great Eagles and taken to the Eagles Eyrie
The Mûmakil is the thirty-fourth soundtrack of the Complete Recordings of ""
The name Irmo was a Quenya word that meant "Desirer" or "Master of Desires"
Delin was a Ñoldorin Elf in earlier versions of J.R.R. Tolkiens legendarium
Dunland was inhabited by the Dunlendings, Men who were mostly bearded and had dirty faces, and long matted hair
In his memory, many essays by Tolkien scholars concerning Christophers work in his fathers legendarium were published two years later in "The Great Tales Never End", edited by Richard Ovenden, current head of the Bodleian Library at the
After rescuing the party, the wizard led Bilbo and the party to the trolls cave, which the trolls had used to hide their treasure and shield themselves from the sun during the daylight hours
"Peredhel" - Sindarin word for half-elvish or half-elf
Hamburg 0 VfB Stuttgart 4 ( Balakov 29th , Bobic 47th and 60th ,
PARIS 2,020.82 +3.06 2,146.79 1,897.85
Dutroux was charged a week ago after police rescued two young girls from a concrete dungeon in the basement of one of the six houses he owns in and around Charleroi .
Vorotemnar were made by the Vala Aulë out of the metal Tilkal and were said to bind forever
At Worcester : Match drawn .
6. Alexei Markov ( Russia ) 4:22.738
Scotland , who thrashed Belarus 5-1 in their opening group four match , were unable to repeat their performance .
After they had slaughtered the Rangers, it was then that Agandaûr had arrived and met with the Witch-king, telling him that he has gathered his army of Orcs at the old city of Fornost
The aircraft was hijacked on a flight from Khartoum to Amman by six or seven men , who police say may be Iraqis .
Argentina 's top Roman Catholic cleric said the Biblical commandment " Thou shalt not steal " would get special emphasis " because it has to be about the most common thing these days . "
BERLIN 1996-08-29
Dáin Ironfoot came to Thorins aid, and the three races almost broke into war, until a host of Orcs and wolves attacked, eager to break the strength of all three peoples
It plays during the scene where Thorin and Company become lost in Mirkwood
Cozma is awaiting trial for assault and criminal damage in a bar in his home town of Petrosan , 300 kms west of Bucharest .
Goalkeepers - Marco Pascolo ( Cagliari ) , Pascal Zuberbuehler ( Grasshoppers ) .
Dhar 5 Yellow 12,700-12,800 12,750-12,900
The PUK statement follows KDP assertions that the PUK is receiving military support from Iran .
While the etymologic origin of Taliska is unknown, contact between the Atanatári, the Elves and the Dwarves before the formers arrival in Beleriand left strong influences on Taliska
CHICAGO 1996-08-28
The game features two factions to choose from: The Free Peoples of Middle-earth (the Good side) and the Minions of Sauron (the Evil side)
At Ondohers death, Arvedui sent messages to Gondor claiming the throne as a direct descendant of Isildur, but he was refused: the Men of Gondor appointed the general Eärnil (a descendant of Anárion) as King instead
7. Carlos Calado ( Portugal ) 16.31
FARMINGTON HILLS , Mich .
COMMACK , New York 1996-08-23
Aragorn decides to make a suicidal bid to help Frodo by taking an army to the Black Gate at the final battle of "The Return of the King"
Fredericks ( Namibia ) , Linford Christie ( Britain ) 38.87 seconds
3. Vialle 293
Éowyn (disguised as a Rider named Dernhelm) and Meriadoc Brandybuck rode with the Éored commanded by Elfhelm to the Battle of the Pelennor Fields on March 15
BONN 1996-08-30
LONDON 1996-08-27
Weapons and other gear of war were usually considered mathoms in the Shire, often becoming trophies hanging over fireplaces or on walls
She had three siblings, the younger Aulendil, Nolondil, and the older Amandil who would later be crowned Tar-Amandil, the third King of Númenor
Avathar is a Quenya word that meant shadows or the Shadows
Neldoreth is a Sindarin word with obscured meaning
Prodi will also meet President Suleyman Demirel and Foreign Minister Tansu Ciller , Akbel said .
The left wing of Ondohers army was commanded by Adrahil, the Prince of Dol Amroth
They view his adventuring with skepticism, and his return with gold and tales of dragons and war only confirms the hobbits’ suspicion that Bilbo is crazy
After the forging of the One Ring Sauron launched an invasion of Eriador and destroyed Eregion in the War of the Elves and Sauron
King Birenda told Gyaicain Norbu , chairman of the Tibetan government , that Nepal would not " become a tool for others to split Tibet " , the newspaper said .
Despite their outward appearance as old men and inability to challenge Sauron directly, the Wizards were in fact among the most powerful beings to walk Middle-Earth
Throughout the ages, at least until the end of Third Age, Rhûnic Kingdoms used bronze as the main metal in their armors and weapons
Sorrento followed by hitting a 1-2 pitch just over the right-field wall for a 7-0 advantage .
Finarfin was a Ñoldorin Elf of Valinor
His name in Quenya was Artanáro, which means "High Flame". In Sindarin, "Artanáro" translates to "Rodnor"
Gondors hold over the Haradrim was lost in the conflict, resulting in the resumption of war in and invasions of South Gondor
The alliance came to nothing and was a failure because both of the Dúnedain Kingdoms were under attack: Arnor by Angmar under the Witch-king, and Gondor by the Wainriders from the East
PARIS 1996-08-30
The Catholic Information Office in Nairobi said on Monday that four of the six had been charged by the SPLA with spying , spreading Islam and hindering recruitment into the rebel group .
It was built and ruled by the Ñoldorin king Finrod Felagund, son of Finarfin
Ferreira and Enqvist play in a Friday night quarter-final .
The name was finally abbreviated to Vingilot
7. Alexandre Gontchenkov ( Ukraine ) 67
In "The Return of the Shadow", it was said that "There were three counsellors of Elronds own household: Erestor his kinsman (a man of the same half-elvish folk known as the children of Lúthien), and beside him two elflords of Rivendell." In others, Erestor was continued to be referred as Elronds kinsman and one of the Half-elven
When the bomb, followed by the Fat Man at Nagasaki three days later, was dropped, the destruction in the cities was total, and the war was conclusively ended
-- Hong Kong newsroom ( 852 ) 2843-6470
M. Atherton c Inzamam-ul-Haq b Mushtaq Ahmed 43
"Pen-arduin" is Sindarin for having green waves, from "pen-" meaning to have , "ard" meaning green , and "uin", meaning originally waves
He carries a two-handed war hammer and what appears to be a shield on his back, and a short sword in his belt
Wasim , who promoted himself to number four in the order , followed for six when Croft drifted another well-flighted delivery behind his legs .
He is an expert on the development of "The Hobbit -" in 2007 he completed the extensive two-volume work "The History of The Hobbit." He helped organize the collection of Tolkienian works at Marquette University in Milwaukie, Wisconsin
Where Ormal fell the melted ice formed the inner Sea of Ringil, to the east of which rose the Yellow Mountains, while to the west rose the Grey Mountains
Rohirric bears a similar relationship to the Common Speech of Middle-earth as that of Old English to modern English, and so Tolkien renders Rohirric names and phrases into Old English (Anglo-Saxon), just as the Common Speech is translated into English
In fact, the Valar preferred to learn Quenya in order to speak with the Elves
Aragorn had discovered when using the palantír that a fleet of Haradrim Corsairs of Umbar was making its way up the Anduin to reinforce the Enemy, who had overrun the Pelennor and besieged Minas Tirith
The men were all slain, except for Húrin, who was captured
Clinton was to deliver his acceptance speech at the final session of the Democratic Convention opening at 8 p.m. EDT ( midnight GMT ) .
The army of the Mark drove the enemy behind the Dike into the Deeping-coomb
God help us if there is a breakdown , " he said of the machinery , loaned to the farm after the Ukrainian government bought it earlier this year .
7. Luca Pavanello ( Italy ) Aki 11
Did not bat : R. Croft , D. Gough , D. Headley , A. Mullally .
9. Robbie McEwen ( Australia ) Rabobank
"Ai "- Sindarin word for Ah
THAWRA
- ASIA / PACIFIC
MILAN 1996-08-30
Philippoussis saved a match point at 5-6 in the third-set tie break before winning 6-3 3-6 7-6 ( 8-6 ) .
During those years, Sauron captured the nine Rings that were made for Men and turned their owners into the Ringwraiths: terrible shadows under his great shadow who roamed the world searching for the One Ring
Zadar police said in a statement they had launched an investigation and were doing their best to find the perpetrators .
Eyewitnesses told Boston television stations they saw a gasoline truck parked behind the Lilac Falls Motel and smelled gasoline shortly before the explosion .
Romania 's soccer bosses also fined Cozma , a well-known miners ' union leader , 10 million lei ( $ 3000 ) for the half-time attack on Dinamo Bucharest 's Danut Lupu last Sunday .
2. Anthony Washington ( U.S. ) 68.44
TEHRAN 1996-08-24
PARIS 1996-08-24
Morris ' departure raised fears that Clinton would veer more to the left in a second term .
Sierra Leonean rebels killed 31 villagers and seven soldiers in an attack on the eastern village of Foindu , Eastern Region Brigade Commander Major Fallah Sewa said on Wednesday .
The boomtown of Guangzhou , capital of the southern province of Guangdong , would ban disposable plastic containers by the end of 1996 , it said .
1 - Arantxa Sanchez Vicario ( Spain ) beat Naoko Kijimuta ( Japan )
Scorers : Lubarskij ( 50th minute ) , Valkucak ( 54th )
The pensioner , named only as Pietro T. , told investigators he was infected with HIV , the AIDS virus , and his wife had died of the disease .
Under the agreement , which followed talks in Miami this week , AMR also will be allowed to shift up to four of the weekly flights it now operates between Miami and Colombia to its New York gateway .
284 D.A. Weibring 73 69 74 68 , Tim Herron 70 67 75 72 , Mark
They considered shooting anamorphic, but it was decided Super-35mm would make post-production easier and could be done in New Zealand, which Jackson was adamant about
The Men of the House of Hador typically had blonde hair and blue eyes, and were some of the tallest folk in Beleriand, save for the Ñoldor and many of the Sindar Elves
In the mountain, Thorin desperately searches for the Arkenstone, while the rest of the Dwarves worry about the army camped on their doorstep
The Blacklocks were among the "Houses of other Fathers" who sent troops to help Durins Folk in the War of the Dwarves and Orcs
Qualifier vs. Andrei Olhovskiy ( Russia )
This was where the River Sirion appeared out from under the ground on its way south
Oldest Albania book disappears from Vatican - paper .
This time they held true to their oath and formed the Army of the Dead and helped Aragorn fight the Corsairs of Umbar at Pelargir
Shortly after they were laid to rest in the tombs of the mountain halls, and the kingship was passed on to Frórs older brother Thrór
He founded the House of Fingolfin, which ruled the Ñoldor in Middle-earth
Some Tolkien purists were disappointed by the films addition of the old men and young boy conscripts of the Rohirrim, plus the Lórien Elves, neither who was shown alive at the end of the battle (as Jackson wanted to show the toll of war)
But after the Silmarils were stolen by Melkor, some of the Elves returned to Middle-earth, where they remained until the end of the Third Age
Still , markets may have little to fear from any Rubin successor because the firm dollar policy has yielded positive results .
He was also the creator of the palantíri
Chelsea , 16 , was at President Bill Clinton 's side as he rode the rails through parts of West Virginia , Kentucky and Ohio , and was introduced at every stop .
5. Heinz-Harald Frentzen ( Germany ) 1:54.984
While the Three Houses of Men fought alongside the Valar, many other Men from the East fought for the forces of Morgoth and were either destroyed or forced to flee back to the far eastern parts of Middle-earth
Daisy (Baggins) Boffin was a Hobbit of the Shire
BEIJING 1996-08-27
Croft 29-6-64-1 , Cork 14.3-4-45-1 , Salisbury 17-0-91-0
It brought about in the race of Men a kind of self-loathing and a denial of the basic nature of their being as the children of the All-Father Eru Ilúvatar
But one source , the head of a Hong Kong trading house , said it made no difference if the copper was customs cleared or not .
Bangladesh 's M2 money supply rose 3.8 percent in June to 456.8 billion taka after a 0.27 percent rise to 439.9 billion in May , central bank officials said .
And all will turnTo silver glass.A light on the water,Grey ships passInto the West
The U.S. embassy in Athens , the consulates general in Athens and Thessaloniki and all U.S. government offices in Greece will be closed on Monday , September 2 in observance of Labour Day , a U.S. national holiday , the embassy said .
" The Democratic Party is indeed the party of true inclusiveness , " Hall said .
The Lambengolmor were skilled and historians, and created many works about the Elves and their languages
Results of Austria first division
ISLAMABAD 1996-08-27
In some circumstances, the "epessë" is chosen by the Elf himself or herself
Vëantur was a great Mariner and Navigator, serving as Captain of the Kings Ships under Tar-Elendil, the fourth King of Númenor, and the first of the Númenoreans to achieve a voyage back to Middle-earth, in the year SA 600 of the Second Age
At the Battle of the Pelennor Fields, the Haradrim cavalry and Mûmakil were a great threat to the Rohirrim that had come to aid the people of Minas Tirith
BANGKOK 1996-08-28
The Two Watchers were two three-headed phantom-statues located on the southeastern side of the Tower of Cirith Ungol, guarding the "gate"
The Dwarves are weaponless, but they manage to fight off the Orcs and steal a couple of their weapons while Kíli attempts to open the water gate
He is then confronted by Aragorn through Denethors palantír, shown the reforged Narsil
Seeing this, the Wainriders committed all they had in a great force to meet them, and Calimehtar turned away, deliberately luring them east onto Dagorlad further from their conquests in Rhovanion, and there a great battle began
Celebrimbor then betrays Talion and leaves him, effectively killing him
The Dwarves attempted to escape Doriath, but most were killed and the Nauglamír recovered
Els Callens ( Belgium ) beat Nicole Bradtke ( Australia ) 7-6 ( 7-1 ) 7-6 ( 9-7 )
Little is known of them, as they do not appear in any of the tales, save some references to Avari creeping in the south of Beleriand in the First Age
The Gift, as originally bequeathed, was not something that Men feared
During the War of the Ring, Lobelia opposed Sharkey after hearing from the Ruffians that they were ordered to build sheds at Bag End
(Although on screen the film characters never make this mistake, sometimes actors on the commentary tracks refer to the winged creature as a Nazgûl; this is incorrect.) A Ringwraith is first seen riding a fellbeast at the Dead Marshes in ""
Premier league
Struggling French first division side Nice on Thursday announced they were parting with coach Albert Emon after a string of poor results .
The Westron name for "Dúnadan" was simply "Adûn", "westerner", but this name was seldom used
" The reaction of the regime there is such that many of us feel that the mission under the present circumstances should n't go ahead , " Axworthy said .
( in billions of yen unless specified )
1. Rolf Sorensen ( Denmark ) Rabobank 22 minutes 40 seconds
Togo beat Congo 1-0 ( halftime 0-0 )
South Korea has told its overseas missions to step up security since its embassy in the former Yugoslavia received a threat over Seoul 's crackdown on radical students , the foreign ministry said on Tuesday .
2. McEwen 0:04 seconds behind
At the Battle of the Pelennor Fields, Éowyn challenges him with the words: ""Begone, foul dwimmerlaik, lord of carrion!" "It is supposed that the word "dwimmerlaik" is formed from the Old English words "gedwimer" (sorcery), and "lic" (corpse, as in lich); in Rohirric the term is said to mean spectre or work of necromancy
Last year , Bedie pardoned four journalists jailed for the same or similar offences .
El Salvador - Luis Lazo ( 61st )
" So sell options on Bunds and France to enhance yield and buy options on Italy , " Coughlan said ..
There he was the first to be killed in Valinor when Melkor slew him at the doors of Formenos seeking the Silmarils
14 - Barbara Paulus ( Austria ) beat Elena Wagner ( Germany ) 7-5 7-6 ( 7-5 )
He even blinded the king to Gandalfs warnings that Rohan was in peril upon his return from Orthanc, and Gandalf was forced to take Shadowfax and ride to Rivendell in hopes of meeting up with Frodo Baggins
Finland - Ville Peltonen ( 10th minute ) , Juha Ylonen ( 10th ) ,
On the Great Journey to the West, the Teleri lingered behind, and did not arrive at the coast until after the departure of the moving island of Tol Eressëa
It stood between the hills of Amon Hen and Amon Lhaw and looked over the Falls of Rauros
7. Ingrid Haringa ( Netherlands ) 20
Almost entirely paralyzed , Reeve underwent extensive surgery to fuse the vertebrae to the base of the skull and prevent any further damage to his spine .
He is destined to find a lost army of men, now dead yet entrapped in a curse set forth long ago by their own disobedience, in the place known as the Paths of the Dead
" The United States will continue to return Cuban migrants intercepted at sea who seek to enter the United States or the Guantanamo Naval Base illegally , " it said .
The Gate of Silver was the fifth of the Seven Gates of Gondolin
out , A. Wells 51 ) v Northamptonshire .
The dispute pits Takemura , who founded Sakigake in 1993 as a reform-oriented LDP splinter group , against party official Yukio Hatoyama , who says he will leave Sakigake to form a reformist political group next month .
Aragorn far away works to make request and safeguard some memory of old among men, however Elrond has obliged all the High Elves. Tolkien did not recognize what happened to the Ents
To the expectancy and great excitement of most of the Valar, the Eldar (Elves) approach the lands of Valinor at the end of their Great Journey from far in the East
Mount Dolmed was completely destroyed together with Nogrod
The emergency rule governor 's office said in a statement that 10 rebels from the Kurdistan Workers Party ( PKK ) were killed in fighting in Tunceli province .
- Raphael Lakpe , publisher of the daily Le Populaire , was released on Wednesday evening after three days in custody and will appear in court on Thursday morning .
Glamhoth" was the term in Sindarin for evil-hosts" (Glam- appears in "Glamdring", meaning "foe-"hammer), making this a place where Men in the East who were loyal to Sauron would have lived
Palestinian leaders in Jerusalem called on Tuesday for a two-hour strike to protest what they called Israel 's war on Arab East Jerusalem after police demolished a building there .
For example, it contains one of the longest samples of the language Quenya
first one-day ( 50 overs-a-side ) match between England and
It was changed for both subsequent films and also the first films Extended Edition, where the dragon has four limbs (two hind legs, and two bat-like forelimbs which act as legs/arms for crawling and as his wings); each of Smaugs winged forelimbs possessed six digits in total; a thumb, two taloned fingers separated from the wing membrane, and three long phalanges joined together by a bat-like wing membrane to form his wings
NEW YORK 1996-08-24
Thorin, while being pinned down, then stabs the Defiler in the heart with Orcrist
Midfielders - Jose Barroso , Luis Figo , Rui Barros , Rui Costa , Oceano Cruz , Ricardo Sa Pinto .
The war pitted Sauron and his armies of Orcs, trolls, evil men, and other dark creatures, against the allied forces of the Men of the West, the Elves, and Dwarves, aided by the Istari, the Ents of Fangorn Forest, and the Great Eagles of the Misty Mountains
** Ciputra Development on reports of a plan to build property projects worth $ 2 billion in Jakarta and Surabaya .
They were able to develop medical advances in the fields of pharmacy and embalming, and their ironsmith techniques produced weapons which were rustproof and strong enough to penetrate trolls hides
This long reign is attributed to Elessars descent from the Men of Númenor, who were blessed with long life (he was 87 when he took the throne)
John enjoys researching, on the internet, the scientific jargon in the scripts for Fringe
Police capture Auckland gunman .
Though "min" is Sindarin for "mountain", "rimmon" was a word of unknown meaning, originating in Middle-earth before the arrival of the Númenóreans
Contrary to news reports , Simpson said , he has received support from both blacks and whites .
" It seems that from across the border there is going to be a planned attempt to disrupt the elections , " Inderjit Gupta told reporters in the state capital Srinagar .
8. Dusan Kovacs ( Hungary ) 49.58
India and Pakistan have fought two of their three wars over the troubled region of Kashmir since independence from Britain in 1947 .
After being exiled from his family of Stoors in the late twenty-third century of the Third Age, Gollum sought shelter from the Sun under the nearby mountain range, the Misty Mountains
Moyer ( 10-2 ) , who was tagged for a pair of homers by Mike Devereaux and Brady Anderson and three runs in the ninth , walked none and struck out two .
Portland OR 5.60 up .02 5.1700 dn .01
"I see shapes of Men and of horses, and pale banners like shreds of cloud, and spears like winter-thickets on a misty night
3. Bob Kennedy ( U.S. ) 7:31.69
Iran , which denies the allegations , urged German authorities to disregard Banisadr 's testimony and said it could hurt relations .
AKRON , Ohio 1996-08-25
The region was the site of the death of Eorl the Young in a battle with the Easterlings in the Wold
Benin won the first leg 4-1 .
When Hwaldar reaches the Royal Barrow, Cardolan becomes enraged and sends its forces to destroy him
He and his men encountered Túrin after trailing him in the Woods of Brethil
The Trax well is one of the prospects developed by Arch through its early 1996 purchase of Trax Petroleums Ltd , the company said .
Syria on Friday condemned Israel 's settlement policy and said Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu was preparing for war with Arabs .
Most of the test 15 who beat the Springboks 33-26 to secure New Zealand 's first-ever rugby series in South Africa stood in the middle of the empty 50,000-seat Loftus Versfeld .
More than 20,000 people have been killed in the 12-year-old conflict between Turkish troops and PKK guerrillas fighting for autonomy or independence from Turkey .
Brethil is a Sindarin word meaning Silver birch
He watched World War I documentaries and asked for book recommendations from Jackson, who is a collector of World War I memorabilia
"" Mithril in its pure form was rather soft and malleable
7. Gillian Russell ( Jamaica ) 13.17
The Shirriffs were also armed far more heavily than previously
4. Tatyana Motkova ( Russia ) 1.94
Meanwhile, the Elves of Mirkwood had been building up an army to go and claim some of the hoard left by Smaug; also the goblins of the Misty Mountains also had built an army to avenge the death of the Great Goblin
BOSTON AT CALIFORNIA
Cirith Ungol is Sindarin for "Spiders cleft", from "cirith" ("cleft, pass") and "ungol" ("spider")
As he spent his might and poured out his power into the very fabric of matter, as well as into all his creations, he grew more stooped and less majestic, and his hands were burned black from the touch of the Silmarils
Morannon Orcs were the tougher Orcs that participated in some of the main battles of the late Third Age, such as the Battle of Osgiliath, the Siege of Gondor, and the Battle of the Black Gate
It was spoken by the Lembi Elves, and was the most scattered and diverse among the languages
The Dwarves, Elves and Men unite against the goblins and Wargs, and the Battle of the Five Armies begins
Ambassador Robert Frowick , representing the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe ( OSCE ) , told reporters that municipal polls due on September 14 with other Bosnian elections would be put off .
-- New York newsroom , ( 212 ) 859-1610
Agandaûr leaves the Men of Carn Dûm behind at the dragons lair to stand watch and await the dragons answer
" America can look back on a week of remarkable achievement , " Clinton said , without even a passing reference to the Republican majority in the House and Senate .
The show is streamed on their Facebook page and from the site itself
Thingol was unwilling to surrender the treasure and replied with an impertinent answer
But he said a power struggle in Russia 's ruling circles could not be ruled out , which could harm further reforms .
While the Harfoots ecstatically collect the abundant fruits and other foods from the Grove, the Nomad, Ascetic, and Dweller find them, while in search of the Stranger, and the Dweller magically sets fire to the Harfoots packed carriages when Largo threatens them with a torch
Moroccan King meets former Israel PM Peres .
He was best known as the first Númenórean king to take his official name in the Adûnaic tongue instead of using the traditional Quenya form as Tar-Herunúmen
The Galadhrim (S.: "People of the Trees") were the Elven people of mixed Nandorin, Avarin, and Sindarin descent, who lived in the forest of Lothlórien that was ruled by Kings Amdír and Amroth originally and Galadriel and Celeborn later
52 ; A. Cowan 5-68 ) .
At the prayer of Yavanna, Aulë made two lamps to provide light: Illuin and Ormal
I think it would be very difficult to sell to the European Commission a programme which would involve the elimination of fewer BSE cases , " Kiely said .
The Woses of Ghân-buri-Ghân warded off an army of Orcs roaming in Anórien with poisoned arrows, and were vital in aiding the Rohirrim before the Battle of the Pelennor Fields, helping them bypass a force blocking the way into Gondor
U.S. Agriculture Department officials said Friday that Mexican avocados -- which are restricted from entering the continental United States -- will not likely be entering U.S. markets any time soon , even if the controversial ban were lifted today .
After an assault on Archet by the Blackwolds, she returns home to Newbury in Buckland
The king, greatly upset, sends his army to attack Giles, who uses the cowed dragon to scatter the army
The region contains a keep called Tirith Rhaw that can be controlled by either the forces of Angmar or the Free Peoples of Middle-earth
Afterward, the Morgul army of Orcs leaves the city and pass the group; the Nazgûl on their mounts are not seen, except for the Witch-king who leaves the fortress on his Fellbeast
In J.R.R. Tolkiens early concept of the Children of the Ainur, Melkor had a son Kosomot (later Gothmog) with an ogress, Fluithuin
Sindarin verbs are also quite complex
BELGRADE 1996-08-30
In "War in the North," after Glóin is informed of the existence of Nordinbad from the protagonist, he wants to set up relations with the lost folk of Longbeards
A few years later, the Dourhands presence in the Thorins Gate region had diminished but there were some Longbeards who believed the Dourhands, under the now reborn King Skorgrim, to be preparing something
Durins Folk then resolved to abandon the Grey Mountains
They were paired in habitat with the Broadbeams, but each tribe had its own mansion. Tolkien, however, never specified whether the Firebeards lived in Nogrod or Belegost
Johnny Herbert ( Britain ) Sauber
The Olog-hai knew only the Black Speech
CHICAGO 1996-08-27
Morgoth was able to approximate the hidden location of Gondolin as being between Anach and the upper waters of the Sirion, due to the cries of Húrin
National Tennis Centre ( prefix denotes seeding ) :
CHICAGO 1996-08-26
"Calenhad", mutated "Parth Galen" and plural "Pinnath Gelin") and is otherwise almost only preserved in "Laegrim, Laegel(d)rim" (Sindarin form of Quenya Laiquendi), the "Green Elves" of the First Age
When the Campaign formally ended on September 8, there were 27239 games recorded in total
Soon Cirion came with an army of reinforcements, but the Balchoth cut them off and drove them to the north over the Limlight to the Field of Celebrant and then a host of Orcs came and attacked Cirions forces, driving them to Anduin
TALLINN 1996-08-27
Michael Tebbutt ( Australia ) vs. Richey Reneberg ( U.S. )
Of his entourage as he journeyed north, only three eventually reached Arnor; among these was his esquire, who had kept the shards of Elendils famous sword Narsil
Théoden mourns his son and decides that the best way to defend his people is to evacuate the people of Edoras to Helms Deep, a decision Gandalf criticizes
Their magic could cast illusions, shoot firebolts, summon lightning, heal grievous wounds, hurl enemies around with ease, disintegrate structures and even ensnare the minds of other beings
The "King" fleetingly mentioned in Tal-Elmars tale, published in "The Peoples of Middle-earth", is identified in a note as Sauron.
President Bill Clinton 's top political strategist Dick Morris resigned on Thursday , saying he did not want to become an issue in Clinton 's re-election campaign .
Thingols kingdom was to become the center of Sindarin power and culture
The majority of Near Harad was a desert, described by Gollum as where the "yellow face is bright and terrible"
After learning that Diors daughter Elwing had survived and had taken the Silmaril with her, he and his surviving brothers descended with an army upon the remnants of the people of Doriath living in the Havens of Sirion
Although, their lifespans ever continued to shorten, the Dúnedain of Arnor, especially their Chieftains, maintained significant longevity living to twice the age of lesser men
Played Saturday :
Bakshis Aragorn, unlike all other portrayals that were to follow to date, has no beard
9. Juliet Cuthbert ( Jamaica ) 11.31
Zimbabwe - Alistair Campbell ( captain ) , Andy Flower , Grant Flower , Guy Whittall , Craig Evans , Eddo Brandes , Heath Streak , Paul Strang , Craig Wishart , Ali Shah , Mark Dekker .
Japan aluminium shipments surge 8.9 pct in July .
Ered Wethrin was Sindarin for Mountains of Shadow
Men (initially named Atani) were one of several races inhabiting Arda
Talion, along with Ioreth and Dirhael, were taken to a separate place by the Tower of Sauron, and thereafter slain in a dark ritual peformed by the Black Hand
2. Corser 270
From this profession, he took the name "Círdan" which means "shipwright" in Sindarin
Haldir marched with the rest of his kin in support of the Union of Maedhros and was slain in the Nírnaeth Arnoediad along with most of the Men of Brethil
290 Tom Watson 79 70 68 73
The calendar adopted by the Men of Middle-earth was called the Kings Reckoning, and was very similar to our own
Forty-one years after their defeat by Rómendacil (when he was named Tarostar), the Easterlings once again attacked Gondor, this time with more success
Tim had worked with Peter Jackson in "King Kong" and "District 9"
After bowling Somerset out for 83 on the opening morning at Grace Road , Leicestershire extended their first innings by 94 runs before being bowled out for 296 with England discard Andy Caddick taking three for 83 .
Taiwan dollar ends higher , narrow trade seen .
7 - Todd Martin ( U.S. ) beat Renzo Furlan ( Italy ) 7-6 ( 7-3 ) 6-3
SOCCER - SILVA 'S `LOST PASSPORT ' EXCUSE NOT ENOUGH FOR FIFA .
As he and Bain make their way to the Dwarvish wind lance atop the Masters mansion, he asks his father why he never told him about the Black Arrow, to which Bard retorts that he didnt need to know
Slovenia and Poland target EU , NATO membership .
On the back nine Mickelson began driving erratically , and poor tee shots resulted in bogeys on the , eighth , 12th and 13th holes , bringing Mickelson back to four under par , tied with Mayfair , who had parred 14 straight holes after the birdie on no.2 .
43. Croatia 7.75
- Cabinet meeting appoints Colonel Severin Konan Kouame as gendarmerie commander , replacing General Joseph Tanny , who has been appointed secretary-general of the National Security Council .
Campbell let them know of his undertakings
Then he drew a fiery sword and struck the Wizard, but Gandalf put up a shield of his power, breaking the Balrogs sword
8. Bart Voskamp ( Netherlands ) TVM 53
Elrond initially appears in "An Unexpected Journey" when the Elves of Rivendell ambush the Warg-riders chasing Thorin and Company
Ipswich 3 1 1 1 6 4 4
SAN JOSE , Costa Rica 1996-08-28
Following the folk of Elwë, he became an important elf close to King Thingol, serving as his loremaster and minstrel
The magazines , Eva Tremila and its sister publication Gente , printed up to 26 pages of photos of the woman undressing Ducruet , the pair embracing on a sunbed and finally both naked .
Voronwë, also called Aranwion, was a Ñoldorin Elf mariner from Gondolin who was one of a crew of several ships sent by Turgon to solicit aid from the Valar
The Balrog of Moria was finally destroyed
After the Two Lamps were erected and the Valar had made their first dwelling at Almaren, Tulkas wedded Nessa in a great feast
Rukh Stargûsh was an Attack Troll of Sauron who, along with Bumbrumug, was one of the many Trolls who attacked Osgiliath
GKS Katowice 7 4 2 1 12 9 14
Due to this, the twins harbored great hatred for Orcs
Sharif said similar rallies would be held in the Balochistan provincial capital Quetta and the Punjab provincial capital Lahore before an opposition march on the capital Islamabad .
PHILADELPHIA AT SAN FRANCISCO
But unlike his two predecessors , Juan Carlos Ongania and Marcelo Levingston , who ruled Argentina with an iron hand , Lanusse steered the country toward democracy .
According to the traditional story, Bandobras, known as the Bullroarer, charged the ranks of the Goblin army on horseback and with a wooden club knocked Golfimbuls head clean off, sending it sailing a hundred yards through the air and down a rabbit-hole, thus winning the battle and simultaneously inventing the game of golf
HOUSTON 72 62 .537 -
Karachi 's ethnic Mohajir National Movement ( MQM ) accuses the government of killing many of its militants in cold blood .
PONTIAC , Mich .
LONDON 1996-08-28
Cricket - India 226-5 in 50 overs v Sri Lanka .
Harad has some new units to make them even more versatile
In TA 2885 Túrin fought the Haradrim at the Battle of the Crossings of Poros in South Ithilien with the aid of a contingent of Rohirrim led by Prince Folcred and Prince Fastred the twin sons of King Folcwine
During the War of the Ring, the palantíri were used by many individuals
AUCKLAND 1996-08-27
Springbok scrum-half Joost van der Westhuizen was his side 's inspiration , scoring their opening try and making the third for flanker Andre Venter from a quickly taken penalty to give his side a 29-8 lead after 54 minutes .
PARIS 1996-08-27
Atanatar is a Quenya word meaning man-father
He dammed and diverted the Isen, possibly for use as hydropower
LISBON 1996-08-25
India 's leading cement firm Associated Cement Companies ( ACC ) said on Wednesday its cement sales rose to 3.1 million tonnes in April-July 1996 from 2.93 million a year ago .
Grond was forged in Mordor by Smithies of Barad-dûr during the final years of the Third Age, specifically for use by the army besieging the city of Minas Tirith in Gondor
Talking about the cement industry in general , Palkhivala said Indian production rose by about 10 percent in 1995/96 .
Surrey slipped to 88 for four in reply to Notts ' commanding first innings of 446 for nine declared at Trent Bridge , before Alistair Brown struck a 55-ball half-century .
PHILADELPHIA AT SAN FRANCISCO
BRATISLAVA 1996-08-28
" The opportunity to import ( Mexican avocados ) probably wo n't become possible for another year , " said Paul Drazek , senior trade advisor to Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman .
They both drank Ent-draughts during their time in Fangorn, which increased their heights substantially
Yazan is a Haradrim warrior created by Fantasy Flight games for the
After the death of Thingol, Beren laid an attack against the Dwarves of Nogrod, leading an army of Nandorin Elves and Ents
The Huorns and trees of Fangorn Forest could understand Old Entish and converse with the Ents and each other with it
They were the first and mightiest beings created by Eru Ilúvatar long before the beginning of the World
- Prime Minister Hariri : Israeli threats do no serve peace .
The Canadian was second in 10.09 with Lewis third in 10.10 , ahead of Atlanta bronze medallist Ato Boldon who clocked 10.12 in fourth .
They kept time with their hands, and marched to the beat. A few of the words are in the Entish language
While studying at Oxford, after discovering Éarendel in the lines from "Crist", Tolkien developed a constructed language that later became Quenya
The statement said the U.S. government " would do all within its prevailing legal framework to prevent the use of American soil to perpetrate violence against the democratic government of Sri Lanka " .
Austrian Barbara Paulus , seeded 14th , also reached the second round with a 6-2 6-1 victory over Yi Jing-Qian of China .
5. Jean-Paul Bruwier ( Belgium ) 49.24
"The Nomad" was a moniker given to a female cultist of Sauron from Rhûn in the Second Age
Lebed said on Friday he hoped to sign a document with the rebels later in the day which would deal with the political settlement of the conflict .
SHANGHAI 1996-08-23
S. Renshaw 4-56 , J. Bovill 4-102 ) .
Sam, having discovered the Lembas crumbs on the stair, returns to fight Shelob
Seles , runner-up to Graf last year , is seeded to run into fifth-ranked German Anke Huber in the quarter-finals with fourth seed Conchita Martinez or eighth-seeded Olympic champion Lindsay Davenport looking like her most likely semifinal opponents .
In other writings, Narsil was named "Branding", after it was reforged into Andúril
LONDON 1996-08-30
Both legs ended 1-1 before Ethiopia won the spot kick decider 4-2 .
Thirty five years later his son Ciryaher broke the siege, destroying the power of the Black Númenóreans and crushing the Haradrim
He was killed along the way Gothmogs Army was the force responsible for the destruction of the hidden Elven city of Gondolin, and for most of the victories of Morgoth in the First Age
There they reunite with Nona and Corudan and returns to Edoras, where Lady Éowyn makes the last preparations before leading the people to Dunharrow
Fatty was a descendant of Hildibrand Took (TA 2849 - TA 2934), one of the many descendants of Gerontius Took
Chad parliamentary election set for November 24 .
The firm has signed an agreement with the Polish Development Bank ( PBR ) to manage the issue and plans them to be listed on the Warsaw bourse 's bond market .
7. Sarah Thorsett ( U.S. ) 4:06.80
"Mablung" was a Sindarin word for heavy hand
NATO troops detained 65 Bosnian Serb policemen early on Thursday after they attacked Moslem refugees returning to homes in Mahala , a Serb-controlled village on Bosnia 's internal boundary line .
One of those princes, Adrahil, fought under King Ondoher against the Wainriders
A state police spokeswoman said there were reports of minor injuries as a result of the derailment near Roxbury , a small town on the edge of the Northfield Mountains some 15 miles southwest of Montpelier , the state capital .
The applications are being " fast-tracked in the sense that we are processing them and the ones who have been referred to us have been interviewed , " the newspaper quoted Garrett Lambert , Canada 's high commissioner in Hong Kong , as saying .
With the threat from Angmar worsening, the Stoors in the north moved south to Dunland with their kin, some even returned to the Vales of Anduin, settling in the Gladden Fields, and were probably the ancestors of Déagol and Sméagol
It was Belgium 's first victory under Van Moer after two draws in friendlies against Russia and Italy .
When they reached the temple, they found Luin in a stone sanctuary
Dunharrow had been used as a refuge by the Middle Men of the White Mountains during the Second Age several centuries before Rohan, and was scouted by Brego and his son Baldor in the early years of the kingdom
He declined to reveal any more details about the content of the talks or their exact location in Germany .
Santa Puglisi , 22 , and Salvatore Botta were gunned down in a cemetery in this eastern Sicilian city on Tuesday in a crime which shocked even hardened anti-Mafia investigators .
It formed the northern boundary of the Field of Celebrant
1892 - Prolific French modernist composer Darius Milhaud born .
will go to ( Jerusalem 's ) Al-Aqsa mosque and pray .
Doug Flach ( U.S. ) vs. qualifier
BOSTON 1996-08-28
The war between the North and South raged for nearly four years , claimed the lives of half a million Americans and forever seared the nation 's consciousness .
In ", as Smaug starts attacking the town, Alfrid, the Master and some of the Masters guards attempt to flee the city by a small boat which they fill with as much gold as they can without bothering to help any of the other citizens of Lake-town
Where Illuin fell the melted ice formed the inner Sea of Helcar, to the east of wich rose the Red Mountains, while to the west rose the Blue Mountains
Sherbatov said the rebels were located about three km ( two miles ) east of Tavildara around the village of Layron .
The next year a great army of Númenor arrived, sent by Tar-Minastir and commanded by Ciryatur, which landed in Lindon, at Tharbad on the Gwathló, and in the south near Pelargir
The metal weapons used by the Isengard uruks, as depicted in "The Fellowship of the Ring", are made from steel melted in a foundry, cast in open molds, then , and finally finished by sharpening on grindstones
-- Bombay newsroom +91-22-265 9000
He was also known as Atanatar Alcarin, "Atanatar the Glorious," ("alcarin" being the Quenya word for "glorious"), but the deeds of Atanatar werent as glorious as his appellation would indicate
1. Damon Hill ( Britain ) 81 points
DES MOINES 1996-08-29
Though unlikely, "Silmariën" could have meant "maiden crowned with silver", as the Sindarin word "ríen" means "crowned lady, queen"
3. Andrea Giaconi ( Italy ) 13.80
Take them or leave them!" Gandalf responded, "These we will take!", seized the cloak, sword, and mithril coat, utterly rejecting Saurons terms and ordered the Mouth to be gone, as they had not come to bargain with Sauron, much less with one of his slaves
The Shirriffs were headed by the "First Shirriff", who answered to the Mayor of Michel Delving
At some point the character evolved into a Man
Dole was flanked by several California Republican politicians including Gov .
These are the leading stories in the Beirut press on Thursday .
SOCCER - FRENCH DEFENDER KOMBOUARE JOINS ABERDEEN .
LISBON 1996-08-23
Adrian Warner
Security forces also killed an unspecified number of members of a rebel gang on Wednesday in the Leveilly suburb of Algiers , Le Matin newspaper reported .
When Melkor began marring Arda before the coming of the Elves, Tulkas arrived and wanted to make war swiftly
LONDON 1996-08-30
Ithilbor was a Nandorin Elf of Doriath
The Vatican and the mother superior in Dublin approved and after intensive training as a nurse with American missionaries she opened her first Calcutta slum school in December 1949 .
Alcarinquë was Quenya word that meant The Glorious
4. Laban Rotich ( Kenya ) 3:53.42
RIO DE JANEIRO 1996-08-26
Spitzbergen is a Norwegian coal-mining settlement .
Duluth 5.06 up .02 --- --- -- --
MUZAFFARABAD , Pakistan 1996-08-25
Similar results had been obtained previously in test-tube cell cultures , but not in live animals , the university said .
Amy Frazier ( U.S. ) beat Larisa Neiland ( Latvia ) 6-1 6-3
Made by the Elven-smiths of old, Orcrist had a beautiful scabbard and jeweled hilt
Scorer : Sergei Rebrov ( 79th minute )
One had threatened to blow it up unless it was refuelled and they were taken to London where they intended to surrender and seek political asylum .
After defeating the reinforcements lead by three Nazgûl (Who retreat probably being summoned back to Mordor to fight in Battle of the Black Gate) The army is reinforced by several Great Eagles
Spitzbergen lies some 500 miles ( 800 km ) off the northern tip of Norway and endures one of the most extreme climates on the planet .
The evil Half-orcs were the result of this union
German Chancellor Helmut Kohl , who spoke to President Boris Yeltsin by telephone on Wednesday , plans a trip to Moscow on September 7 and will visit Yeltsin at his vacation home near Moscow , Interfax news agency said .
7. Margarita Maruseva ( Russia ) 4:10.87
During the onslaught a Haradrim chieftain, who bore the standard of a black serpent on a scarlet field, led the Haradrim cavalry
Cyprus - Klimis Alexandrou ( 75th ) , Kostas Malekos ( 80th )
Many Elves and Men were killed in the siege as seemingly endless numbers of arrows, rocks, flaming missiles, and Orc sorties emerged from the tower
LONDON 3,907.5 +16.4 3,907.5 3,632.3
Helena Sukova ( Czech Republic ) beat Yone Kamio ( Japan ) 6-2 6-3
Tarandor was a sergeant in the army of Gondor from Minas Ithil
RALLYING - KANKKUNEN IN COMMAND AS MCRAE ROLLS OUT .
Montoya said he thought the attackers were criminals linked to drug trafficking or kidnapping in the area . "
In "The Book of Lost Tales Part One" is called "Uolë Kúvion" in Middle Quenya and "Ûl Cuvonweg" in Gnomish, meaning both "Moonking"
The battle was won by the far more numerous host of the North King, despite their opponents better weapons
Thousands of Mordor Orcs were among those assembled by Saurons deadliest lieutenant, the Witch-king, against the forces of Gondor at the battle near Pelennor Fields, after their defeat of the defenders of Osgiliath and siege of Minas Tirith
Inzamam-ul-Haq 3 5 0 320 148 64.00
SOFIA 1996-08-28
In his role as Warden of the Keys, it was Húrin who opened up the temporary barrier that was placed in front of the broken gate of Minas Tirith in order allow Aragorn and the rest of the army to enter the city
Unlike Khuzdul and the many Elvish languages, J.R.R. Tolkien based the Taliskan branch of Mannish languages on
It was in Nan Elmoth that Melian enchanted the Telerin Elf-king Elwë (later known as Thingol) before they founded the realm of Doriath together
According to the "The Book of Lost Tales", the name was briefly used in early works, for which Tolkien borrowed several folkloric names to describe his original creations, like Dwarves, Elves, Fae, Goblins and Ogres
There are three delineations: Brian Sergent (born December 29, 1959) is a New Zealand actor who portrayed Ted Sandyman in the extended edition of and voiced as one of the Mirkwood Spiders in
Horst Siegl ( 24th , 48th , 80th ) , Zdenek Svoboda ( 76th ) , Petr
Police said James Lee Williams , 28 , was stopped at a Bangkok airport departure lounge on Monday after officials found the drug in a bag that Williams planned to carry onto the plane .
After eating, they discuss the recovery of the treasure that the dragon Smaug took from the Lonely Mountain, and Bilbo is hired as their "burglar," despite his protests
" Every time the Senate hacks away at the budget , they hack away at the lower interest rate environment , " Howard told reporters on Thursday night after attending a Liberal Party function .
However for over a hundred years Umbar was besieged by the Black Númenóreans and Haradrim until TA 1050, when they were heavily defeated by King Hyarmendacil I of Gondor
The hijackers told the crew they had grenades and other explosives and threatened to blow up the plane if they were not taken to London .
3. Phylis Smith ( Britain ) 52.53
Of the kings of the Reunited Kingdom after him, nothing is known
Crohn 's is an inflammation of the bowel that can sometimes require surgery .
He would retain this knowledge throughout his reign as the Dark Lord in Middle-earth, using it to forge the One Ring and construct his fortress of Barad-dûr
5. Van Doorn 24
Police in southwest China have arrested 30 people suspected of making and selling homemade alcohol that killed 35 people and poisoned 157 , the Xinhua news agency said on Friday .
- Beirut editorial ( 961 1 ) 864148 353078 861723
CRICKET - ENGLAND 100-2 AT LUNCH ON FIRST DAY OF THIRD TEST .
The siege began in TA 2758 after the Dunlendings, reinforced by Easterlings and Corsairs of Umbar, defeated the armies of Rohan, overran their country and conquered Edoras
KATHMANDU 1996-08-23
The meaning of the name "Lëa" in Quenya is unclear
Gwindor died reproaching Túrin for his pride and pleading him to save Finduilas, who alone stood between Túrin and his doom
From there it took five months until the One Ring and Sauron were finally destroyed on March 25 of TA 3019
The western part of Rhûn was visible in maps of the Westlands of Middle-earth
In Nandorin Elvish, the name Denethor means "Lithe-and-lank", from the words "dene" ("strong, lithe") and "thara" ("tall, slender")
" They had some scans and X-rays yesterday and they 're out , " said Hoddle .
Elrond fled with the Elves of Eregion and the remnant of his army to a valley in the western foothills of the Misty Mountains
His third and final ability Whisper of Death deals extreme damage to any living target, but is useless against any undead units
It is a Dwarven fortress hidden deep within the Grey Mountains, providing isolation and refuge for the Dwarves of Durins Folk who have inhabited it since before the Dwarves fled the Grey Mountains
4. Fabrizio Mori ( Italy ) 49.21
The Goblin Guard was invented for "The Hobbit" video game, and as such are non-canonical
Company Name Transkaryotic Therapies Inc
He was present when Adar ended Magrots suffering after a mortal injury, and helped to bear his body away
There are giant salamanders, worms (long, quadrupedal serpents) and drakes (smaller, weaker, less intelligent forms of dragons.) There is also an undead dragon in the game, Thorog, resurrected by the forces of the Witch-king of Angmar to aid him in maintaining control over the Misty Mountains
1 - Pete Sampras ( U.S. ) beat Jimy Szymanski ( Venezuela ) 6-2 6-2 6 - 1
In the War of the Ring, flocks of Crebain were used by Saruman as spies to search for Frodo Baggins and the Fellowship, since he sought the One Ring
It is strong enough to pierce the Balrogs flesh without damage, and is used by Gandalf to direct attacks of lightning, which enable him to vanquish the Balrog eventually
At Trent Bridge : Nottinghamshire 446-9 declared ( G. Archer
" Lauck possessed a well-oiled propaganda machine , honed during more than 20 years , " presiding judge Guenter Bertram told the court .
1. Mariacarla Bresciani ( Italy ) 3.85 metres
Dunlendish was the language of the Men who were native to Calenardhon (the lands that became Rohan) and then to Dunland - the Dunlendings, or "Wildmen"
At Chesterfield : Derbyshire beat Worcestershire by nine wickets .
Dole said the initiative would allow marijuana to be used for anything from a headache to an ingrown toenail .
10. Christophe Capelle - Jean-Michel Monin ( France ) 2
A forensic scientist who examined the supposed skull of 19th century King Hintsa , a chief of President Nelson Mandela 's Xhosa tribe killed in battle by the British , said it was in fact the cranium of a European woman .
Sam pulls him down and the Nazgûl forced to retreat when its Fellbeast is shot by Faramir, who then releases them
Bilbo Baggins escaped the spiders notice, however, and with the help of the One Ring distracted the spiders, allowing him to free the Dwarves
Celebrindal is also a Sindarin word attached to her name which means "silver-foot", due to the fact that she always walked in her barefeet
He was brought to his old homelands in Hithlum, but the Easterlings now living there, under Lorgan, did not recognize him at first, and feared him, believing him to be high in Morgoths favor
The ring was built by the Men of Gondor in the late Second Age
Dole team seeking to pin down debate details .
Dr Andrew Wakefield of the Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine and colleagues screened 25,000 babies delivered at University Hospital , Uppsala , between 1940 and 1949 .
In March of TA 3019, Damrod and Mablung discovered and then guarded Frodo Baggins and Samwise Gamgee whilst Faramir led the ambush against the Haradrim
Wasim Akram 128 29 350 11 31.81
King from 1249-1286 , he consolidated royal power , leaving Scotland united and independent .
The suspicion , however , lingers in Stich 's mind that U.S. Open officials did tamper with the seeding process in order to benefit homegrown players .
Some Warg-riders and their followers passed through the gap between the two Rohirrim flanks, and tried to surround Elfhelm
x-Olympiakos v Ferencvaros ( Hungary )
Turtle-fish were a legendary race of giant sea monsters, mentioned only in verse from "The Hobbit."" "The last of the Turtle-fish was named Fastitocalon
-- Helsinki newsroom +358 - 0 - 680 50 248
Snaga was the name of an Orc scout in Uglúks band sent by Saruman to pursue the Fellowship in TA 3019 and capture the hobbits carrying the One Ring
They had no hair lower than the eyebrows, except for a few men who had a tail of black hair on the chin
5. Lietti 8
With the exception of a Philippoussis showdown , Sampras looks to have landed in a comfortable quarter of the draw with the likes of Frenchman Cedric Pioline and ailing French Open champion Yevgeny Kafelnikov , who is nursing a rib injury , in his path .
Afghan UAE embassy says Taleban guards going home .
Production costs also rose eight percent during the year to A$ 406 per ounce .
3 - Wayne Ferreira ( South Africa ) beat Tim Henman ( Britain ) 6-4
Unfortunately, Elronds host arrived too late and was not large enough on its own to defeat Saurons army
A. Gurusinha run out 16
Lance Gibbs ( West Indies ) 309 , 79
After Saurons fall in the War of the Last Alliance, it was garrisoned by the Men of Gondor, who raised the two great Towers of the Teeth, Narchost and Carchost, which were built on either side of the wall and were tall enough to overlook it
Helms Deep was first known to be settled by the Men of Gondor, who constructed the Hornburg during the Second Age
Attorney General Janet Reno 's report -- all nine pages of it , including footnotes -- offers only the interim services of the FBI until a formal registry on sex offenders has been established .
Charlton 2 0 1 1 1 3 1
"Estel "- Sindarin word for Hope
Lebed , Chechens start peace talks .
State , federal agents probe Arkansas church fires .
The Dwarves of Nogrod took the Nauglamír and the Silmaril but were driven out of the fortress
In the works of J.R.R. Tolkien, only beings of Arda such as the Ainur and Elves are immortal
2. Benson Koech ( Kenya ) 1:45.96
Its unknown whether they were mounted Orcs, Men, or both, or whether (if Men) they were Easterlings, Southrons, or men originally quartered at Minas Morgul itself
More Ruffians had been sent by Sharkey to suppress the Hobbit revolt breaking out in Bywater
AMSTERDAM 1996-08-23
Glenn Somerville
August 21-25 Sixth test ( at The Oval , London ) .
When asked if he would return to the mountainous region where rebels have been fighting Russian troops for full independence , Penrose said : " Not for the time being .
Planted in late summer and early autumn , the grain is Ukraine 's largest export item and traditionally grows better than summer wheat in Ukraine 's soil .
During the War of the Ring, Aragorn II Elessar crossed the river Ringló at Ethring with his Army of the Dead
Sometime in the early thirteenth century, Gondor began to sense that the Easterlings were once again becoming a threat as they began to conduct raids on the Northmen of Rhovanion
He distracted the spiders by improvising several insulting songs to irritate them, and succeeded when the creatures left their domain to find the intruder and eat him
Further east of Umbar another group of Men lived, the Haradrim
- The prime minister 's special economic assistant Shahid Hasan Khan said privatisation of thermal power plants , power generation from private plants and management contracts of Area Electricity Boards would help achieve 6.5 percent GDP growth .
Eärendur was the tenth and last High King of a united Arnor
But 80 percent said ETA had shown little interest in achieving peace in the Basque country when it offered a one-week truce in July while continuing to hold prison officer Jose Antonio Ortega Lara , kidnapped in January .
Jordan expels Iraqi diplomat .
8. Bernard Barmasai ( Kenya ) 8:17.94
Jorritsma said the latest evidence from El Al in no way supported the allegations , and added there is no justification for a further investigation into the incident .
The war began in TA 490 when the Easterlings suddenly invaded Gondor
BRASILIA 1996-08-29
A multi-party democracy was set up in Nepal six years ago , after a popular movement by the centrist Nepali Congress party jointly with the Communist United Marxist-Leninist ( UML ) party .
" Boatmen 's was the plum of Missouri and was the plum of the central Midwest , " Weber said .
Bilbo Baggins was a Hobbit of the Shire, the main protagonist of "The Hobbit "and a secondary character in "The Lord of the Rings
He also appears briefly as one of the original three Elven ring-bearers (along with Galadriel and Círdan), wearing Vilya
Built during the Second Age by Elves of Eregion and Dwarves of Khazad-dûm, it enabled an unprecedented friendship between the two peoples and would last as long as their realms did
In France , you cannot be a film artist and a national politician at the same time .
When Gondors power began to decline in the nineteenth century of the Third Age, the Easterlings took the complete eastern bank of the Anduin except Ithilien, crushing Gondors allies, the Northmen
The head of the Russian league 's disciplinary committee , Anatoly Gorokhovsky , said on Friday that Rotor would play Lada Togliatti to empty stands on September 3 .
Epidemics are common in rural areas of Nigeria where piped water is not usually available .
Perhaps, Tareg was a precursor to the character of Thingol, while his ally Nólemë was the precursor to Finwë
Ted Sandyman was a Hobbit allied with the Chiefs Men during the War of the Ring
When the Shadow fell, however, the Númenóreans became more unneighbourly with the Men of Middle-earth
These Kingdoms of the Dúnedain were united under a single High King, Elendil himself, who ruled the North-kingdom while his sons reigned jointly over the South-kingdom
Freca was a Dunlending with Rohirric blood; he claimed to be a descendant of King Fréawine of Rohan
Tata was an Elf of Cuiviénen, where he was the second Elf to be awakened, during the Years of the Trees
During his encounter with Smaug, Bilbo Baggins was informed in no uncertain terms by the dragon that knew that Bilbo was in the company of Dwarves due to the scent of a "dwarf-ridden pony" upon Bilbo
Asif Mujtaba not out 1
MOSCOW 1996-08-22
In fact, Taliska resembles , which the young Tolkien had been deeply interested in
Fairview , Texas , $ 1.82 million deal Baa1 - Moody 's .
It already has adopted a bias toward raising rates to keep a lid on wage and price rises and help sustain the 5-1 / 2-year-old economic expansion .
ATLANTA 4 Chicago 3
Dewas 45 Yellow 12,700-12,950 12,900-13,150 12,900-13,100
In India she was simply called Mother .
NEW YORK 5,710.53 - 22.94 5,778.00 5,032.94
In 1999, Tolkien Enterprises ended their licensing agreement with Iron Crown Enterprises for role-playing games set in Middle-earth, after Iron Crown Enterprises ceased developing new products for this line
Samokhvalova ( Russia ) 3:45.011
13 - Thomas Enqvist ( Sweden ) beat Stephane Simian ( France ) 6-3 6-1 6-4
Imrahil laughed and said: "Surely this is the greatest jest in all the history of Gondor: that we should ride with seven thousands, scarce as many as the vanguard of its army in the days of its power, to assail the mountains and the impenetrable gate of the Black Land! So might a child threaten a mail-clad knight with a bow of string and green willow!" ("The Return of the King": "The Last Debate") The Army of the West left Minas Tirith on March 18
( France ) / David Brabham ( Australia ) Gulf McLaren F !
David Arkenstone is a genre-blending music composer and musician
A State Department statement appeared in part a response to Cuban complaints that Washington was jeopardising the accords by failing to return some of the Cubans involved in recent illegal migration incidents .
Idrial: Wait for the Wargs to approach
TOKYO 1996-08-28
R. Blakey 109 not out , M. Moxon 66 , M. Vaughan 57 ) .
Australian team manager Cam Battersby said he agreed with Ranatunga .
Donna Sells
2 - Ong Ewe Hock ( Malaysia ) beat 5/8 - Hu Zhilan ( China ) 15-2 15-10
Hithlum is North Sindarin for Mist-shadow after the sea mists that occasionally formed there
- Christian Maronite Patriarch Sfeir : We fear a movement from democracy to dictatorship .
It begins tapping a snail shell against the side of the mountain, and the echoing of the tapping is heard all the way into the treasure room, causing Smaug to awaken
This volume includes: The Peoples of Middle-earth is the twelfth volume of "The History of Middle-earth", edited by Christopher Tolkien from the unpublished manuscripts of his father J.R.R. Tolkien
The opposition motion against Banharn accuses him of being incompetent , lacking ethical leadership and alleges his administration is corrupt .
Ironically , Bernardin , who developed a progressive , much-praised programme to deal with pedophilia involving priests , became the highest-ranking church official ever accused of sexual improprieties when a former seminary student leveled charges in 1993 that he had been sexually abused by Bernardin during the 1970s .
Focusing his efforts solely on the Ñoldor, he subtly spread lies amongst them that the Valar were keeping them imprisoned in Valinor so that the race of Men might inherit Middle-earth and claim the glory that could have been theirs
17- Karina Habsudova ( Slovakia ) beat Radka Bobkova ( Czech
The King marched his army out of Ithilien intending to fight the enemy once again on the Dagorland, but was surprised in front of the Black Gate by Wainriders from Rhovanion and a combined Wainrider/Variag army from Rhûn traveling along the Ash Mountains to battle
He is shown briefly as a king of Men in the prologue, and serves as one of the primary antagonists throughout the film alongside the other Ringwraiths
Although a great many Dwarves did indeed emigrate across Eriador some forty years after the war to join with Durins Folk in Khazad-dûm, the mountains and flatlands north and west of the Little Lhûn remained Dwarf country
In the last two years of his reign the Easterlings started attacks on Gondor
Later when Lotho controlled the Shire near the end of the War of the Ring , the Quick Post was used solely for his own personal purposes and those of Sharkey, for example, like the urgent message of arresting Frodo and company
The comments were given to Tolkien and consequently discussed in Letter 19
12. Paul McGinley ( Ireland ) 208,978
The men shouted " Allahu Akbar " ( God is Greatest ) as a former Islamist deputy , Ahmed Kafawin , told soldiers the crowd would not cause trouble .
London 's annual Notting Hill Carnival , the largest in Europe and second in the world only to Rio , ended peacefully on Monday with an estimated 800,000 revellers singing and dancing the day away in high spirits .
Despite his mastery within his realm, it was assumed that Tom would not have cared or been able to keep the Ring contained to his realm
Cristina Torrens-Valero ( Spain ) beat Sabine Hack ( Germany ) 2-6 6-4 6-2
Following his armys defeat at the Battle of the Hornburg, the Rohirrim allowed the surviving Dunlendings to return to their homes, requiring that all hostilities cease and that the Dunlendings again retreat behind the Isen
Penalties : Honiball ( 2 ) , Joubert ( 3 ) .
The 53-year-old Johnson was hospitalized after experiencing dizziness .
Nepal wo n't help split Tibet , king tells China .
Sindarin plurals are characterised by "i-affection", or ""
Little is known of Valarin, save a few words (mainly proper names) although it seems that Valarin used lengthy constructions
The hijackers , who have said they want to seek asylum in Britain , are believed to be armed with grenades and possibly other explosives , according to police .
Lanusse took over the leadership of the country after five years of dictatorship .
Thangail is the Sindarin translation of the Quenya "sandastan", which was derived from the primitive forms "thandā", meaning shield, and "stama", meaning bar
NEW YORK 1996-08-22
As a soldier in World War I, Tolkien connected himself with Faramir, who only loved swords for "which they defend"
The ship was referred to as Wingilótë during much of the First Age, but most instances of Quenya W became V after the First Age ended, yielding Vingilótë
He said only the removal of the government and an early election could save Pakistan from disaster . "
Hamish Bevin is a New Zealand actor who played a man of Lake-town in ""
Later on, Nordinbad is under attack by Agandaûrs army
Jansher said that he was disturbed to be called a cheat . "
1. Colonna 8:22:00
" I was very nervous before the start but then I was amazed by the speed of my ride , " Boardman said . "
NEW YORK 1996-08-28
Dwarves were usually monogamous, and fewer than one-third of Dwarven men took a wife, the rest busying themselves with their crafts
When the Fellowship passes through a cavern full of mithril, Gandalf tells the others that Bilbo had a shirt of mithril rings that Thorin gave him
DHAKA 1996-08-22
It was later mentioned that he and four thousand men arrived at Minas Tirith around the time Aragorn and the Army of the West left for the Black Gate
D. Headley not out 3
Seeing as the latter was spoken by Aragorn, who would have known the Sindarin name, and the former by Bilbo, who would not have known the "foreign" name at the time, it is likely they were referring to the same region
What would Wisconsin face if the same extremist coalition , the Gingrich / Dole Congress , also controlled the executive branch ? "
An Iraqi Kurdish group on Wednesday said Iraq was massing troops near Kurdish regions in the north , where a U.S.-led allied air force protects the local population against attacks from Baghdad .
BRUSSELS 1996-08-22
Dori fought in and survived the Battle of Five Armies
In the ", Orcrist is taken by Legolas when he and a group of Elves capture Thorins company, and it is subsequently shown being wielded by Legolas when he fights Bolg and other Orcs in defense of Lake-town
The Serbs , who make up 10 percent of the province 's 1.8 million people , claim Kosovo as the cradle of their culture .
BALANCE - Ohio refunding bonds at $ 290,000 .
He then snuck the Arkenstone out of the mountain and delivered it to the Elvenking and Bard the Bowman
CRICKET - PAKISTAN WIN TOSS , PUT ENGLAND IN TO BAT .
1969 - Scottish motor racing driver Jackie Stewart won the Italian Grand Prix to secure his first world championship .
Presumably she lived in or near Budgeford with her husband, though nothing else of her life is known
Britain 's Chris Boardman broke the world 4,000 metres cycling record by more than six seconds at the world championships on Wednesday .
Both he and Bevin drew on their experience as Logistics Officers in the Army Reserve to build their characters
HK has infrastructure in place for post-97 - Tsang .
When Haleth was a baby in TA 2718 his great-grandfather King Déor, now an old man at 74, died after a tumultuous 19 year reign spent fighting the Dunlendings and was succeeded by Haleths grandfather, the 50 year old Crown Prince Gram, who became the Eighth King of Rohan
Being as large as they were, some were used as siege weapons against the walls of Dale
Thinking the Dwarves were spies of the Woodmen, the Wargs surrounded the glade and prevented them from descending
Frár was a Dwarf of Durins Folk who accompanied Balin in an attempt to reclaim Moria in the late Third Age
9. John Talen ( Neths ) Foreldorado same time
New Zealand win test series 2-1 .
Before leaving Rivendell, Bilbo gave Frodo his Mithril mail shirt and his sword, Sting
They belong to a family of Elvish dialects that originate in Common Eldarin, the language common to all Eldar, which in turn originated in "Primitive Quendian", the common root of Eldarin and Avarin languages
" I have nothing against Jansher but it will be great if I could beat him , " said Eyles . "
NEW YORK 1996-08-28
( Malaysia ) 11-1 10-12 11-4
Colombia police find marijuana on ship .
LONDON 1996-08-23
France 's Juppe on official visit to Greece Sep 15 .
SARAJEVO 1996-08-30
Nevertheless, some of the attempts to reconstruct a fully functional Neo-Valarin are based on the assumption that Black Speech could be a descendant of a corrupted form of Valarin
The 26-year-old O'Brien , who won the ATP Tour stop in New Haven last week , has now won 18 of his last 20 matches , dating back to qualifying rounds in Los Angeles in late July .
5. Fogarty 38:32.719
When four would-be robbers , armed and masked , showed up to rob a Checker 's restaurant in the Fort Lauderdale suburb of Pembroke Pines on Tuesday , they had no idea the shrub near the drive-through window was toting a shotgun .
Circumstantial evidence given there suggests that the Dwarves of Belegost were unrelated to Durins Folk, the Longbeards that appear in Tolkiens better-known work, and instead belonged to a different clan, either the Firebeards or the Broadbeams
1. Shane Kelly ( Australia ) 1 minute 02.777 seconds
Wolf Point MT 4.41 dn .10 --- --- --- ---
Played Sunday :
Britain 's Steven Redgrave said on Wednesday he might change his mind and go for a fifth consecutive Olympic gold medal at the 2000 Games in Sydney .
There he welcomed the friendly and then-unfallen Númenóreans, making friends with Vëantur, chief of the mariners of Tar-Elendil, and later teaching Aldarion of ships (both management and construction) and port architecture, doubtless being the foremost authority on both
He was substituted by Paulao .
"Lone-lands" was a name used by Hobbits, and possibly the Men of Bree, for the wilderness found east of Bree
After finding and entering this hidden mining area, Elrond is found by Durin, and once Elrond swears to tell no one of it, Durin shows mithril to him, telling of its extraordinary potential value for Dwarven civilization and the high safety risk of acquiring it
Daewoo Dacom Communications ( Poland ) Ltd , which was set up with an initial investment of $ 1.0 million , is expected to have sales of $ 60 million by the year 2000 , a Daewoo statement said on Thursday ..
Fiorentina - Gabriel Batistuta ( 11th , 83rd )
The dominant language of West Beleriand was Sindarin except in Nargothrond and the realm around Tol Sirion where Quenya was spoken
SOCCER - BELGIAN FIRST DIVISION RESULTS .
" If we follow this we 'll be able to sell 10 million tonnes of grain by the year 2000 , " Borkus said .
" This is our first decision in federal distrct court regarding a dispute with Medicare , " Gildea said . "
Iran hangs two men for drug trafficking .
Second-ranked Austrian Thomas Muster , who was seeded third , did not have the luck of the draw with him .
2. Smets 290
J. Crawley b Waqar Younis 106
Hong Kong 's economy grew by only 3.1 percent in the first quarter , down from 5.9 percent a year earlier , and some private sector economists have revised downwards their predictions for the 1996 year .
1. Felicia Ballanger ( France ) 34.829
Romania cen bank one-week rate rises to 50.19 pct .
Eric Fraser (born June 11, 1902 Vincent Street, London – died Nov 15, 1983 Penns Place, Hampton) is a British illustrator and graphic artist
Sapient creatures were capable of independent thought and thus the capacity to ally with either Sauron or the Free Peoples; many of them were able to speak in one or more languages of Middle-earth. Milein Cosman was an artist who illustrated "Farmer Giles of Ham" in 1948, although Tolkien was not happy with this work
He was believed by prison officials to still be in Thailand .
Australia - Ian Healy ( captain ) , Michael Bevan , Damien
DUBLIN 1996-08-23
Michael Posner
South Korea 's Daewoo Corp , unlisted Daewoo Information Systems Co Ltd , Dacom Corp and Dacom International have set up a joint venture to offer telecommunications services in Poland .
Brave and valiant, but by the standards of the Dúnedain shorter lived, the Northmen gradually became closely aligned with Gondor, and one of the heirs to the throne, Valacar, who lived and worked with them in their own land as an ambassador, married one of their noble ladies, setting the stages for the Kin-strife
U.S. Midwest hog market seen steady Tuesday - trade .
He throws Orcrist up to stab the Orc above Thorin, returning the sword to the Dwarf
In the Battle of Five Armies, Thorin Oakenshield attacked them and while driving off the Wargs in that area, could not break through the bodyguards, and was fatally wounded in the process
These somewhat derogatory names were given to Men by the Elves, who were the primary historians of the early events of Middle-earth
-- Boston bureau , 617-367-4106
Meri won 49 in a second vote earlier on Tuesday and 45 in the first on Monday .
4 - Peter Nicol ( Scotland ) beat Jonathon Power ( Canada ) 15-10 15-9 15-9
The Kinslaying at Alqualondë was the first slaying of Elf by Elf by the forces of Fëanor to hasten their pursuit of Morgoth who had fled with the Silmarils to Middle-earth, and was the act that banned the Ñoldor from returning to Aman, the lands of the West, for centuries
Did not bat : P. Reiffel , D. Flemming , G. McGrath
Standings ( tabulated under played , won , drawn , lost , goals
Ingram was quoted as telling the newspaper he thought astrology was " a load of rubbish " and that he could not recall asking Orr to keep a watch on Thatcher 's stars .
Many of Orophers army fell in the face of the Black Gate, but Amdír and his army were driven back all the way to the Dead Marshes, where they were slain bitterly
JERUSALEM 1996-08-25
During the War of the Elves and Sauron the Dark Lords forces were on the point of overtaking and destroying the refugees and army of Elrond, when the Dwarves of Khazad-dûm sortied from the Doors of Durin and attacked Saurons forces in the rear, giving the Elves time to escape and earning the Dark Lords enmity
Earlier in the day , Fed chairman Alan Greenspan said at the annual Jackson Hole symposium that the goal of price stability is within reach for major nations .
KARACHI , Pakistan 1996-08-26
Bard, with the aid of his son, managed to hit Smaugs weak spot opened up by Girion, slaying the dragon and avenging Bards ancestors
As they were created to ward off the effects of time, at best the rings could give the wielder extra stamina and endurance, as Círdan stated when he gave Narya to Gandalf
Vinyar Tengwar is a published by the Elvish Linguistic Fellowship, dedicated to the scholarly study of the invented languages of J.R.R. Tolkien
In "The Lord of the Rings" film trilogy, engraved on the blade are Sindarin letters that read phonetically, "Maegnas aen estar nin dagnir in yngyl im"
During the battles of "The Lord of the Rings", the renewed Théoden assumed command of the army
Ball , appointed in July 1995 , was unable to prevent City being relegated from the premier league last season and his record read 13 wins , 14 draws and 22 losses in 49 games .
(John Garths biography "Tolkien and the Great War" focuses on Tolkiens months in the war and explains its influences.) Old Norse was the inspiration for the some of the languages of Middle-earth
In conjunction, they also possessed a power known as the "dragon-spell", by which weaker-willed beings could be put into a trance or bent to a dragons will when the beast spoke
The Dwarves used swords as well
PARIS 1996-08-24
In a speech in parliament on Tuesday , Khadga challenged the Maoist communists to " win the people 's confidence " and win election to parliament .
Will you have peace, or war?" Then the raven returns and marching is heard, Dáin Ironfoot and the army of Dwarves march down proudly to Thorins aid, Thorin replies to Bards question, "I will have war." When the Elves go to attack the Dwarves from the Iron Hills, Dáin Ironfoot arrives on the scene Gandalf tries to reason with Dain that Orcs are coming and he should stand down but Dáin refuses
Major features were the forest of Mirkwood, and the Long Lake of Esgaroth
He said his troops took Tavildara without casualties on August 23 , but the crack of sniper and machinegun fire revealed the presence of opposition fighters in the surrounding mountains .
Eldacar fled to Rhovanion, and he reclaimed his Kingdom with a Northmen army in TA 1447
Farrakhan organised last October 's Million Man March that brought thousands of black men to Washington for a peaceful rally .
Gandalf remembers Galadriels words and a flashback shows the Witch-king, as a dead man wrapped in cloth and chains, being buried by the men of the north
Durins Axe was a great heirloom of the Dwarves of Durins Folk
While the plants and creatures changed fabulously the men would not change by any means (with the exception of dress)
Worcestershire 205-9 declared ( K. Spiring 52 ; A. Giles
Ian Botham ( England ) 383 , 102
The first time, the Watcher gets angry and destroys the rubble blocking the gateway into Moria, allowing the party to flee inside
ATHENS 1996-08-22
At Colchester : Gloucestershire 280 ( J. Russell 63 , A. Symonds
the way they were made) or to Hithlain itself
In Kansas , typically the number one U.S. hard red winter wheat producer , topsoil moisture levels were rated mostly adequate during the week ended Sunday , according to the state 's agricultural statistics service .
It is presumed that, after the death of Smaug in the Third Age, the great dragons had become extinct
It still maintained its Dwarven heritage, further being described as having been forged by Telchar of Nogrod (in earlier versions he was of Belegost)
Later in the First Age the High Pass was used by the Dwarves, who connected their roads (the Great East Road and the Men-i-Naugrim through Mirkwood) with it
Motor gasoline stocks dipped slightly as barges left for Germany , but there were few inflows of cargoes .
We demand to vote in Doboj , " other banners said .
Tooks came out of the Smials to hunt the ruffians who were on their land
Del Toro would have redesigned the Goblins and Wargs and the Mirkwood spiders would also have looked different from Shelob
Haldir was one of the few Elves of Lórien who could speak Westron
NEW YORK 1996-08-28
But Julia Carling , a television presenter , is said to have blamed Diana for the problems in her marriage and she has repeatedly mocked the princess on her breakfast television programme .
7. Andrew Coltart 246,077
After the destruction of the Two Trees Yavanna examined their remains and told the other Valar that if she could use the light of the Silmarils she could heal them
She said that a request from her ministry for the aircraft 's waybill documentation and further information about the contents of its hold had been complied with by El Al 's head office in Tel Aviv .
Russian news agencies also quoted the Kremlin spokesman as saying that Lebed 's representatives had not sought a meeting , hinting at an attempt by the president to put his popular and outspoken protege in his place with a lesson on protocol .
1906 - German-born U.S. biologist Max Delbruck born .
Wang was arrested in the east China city of Hangzhou by security officers who told the dissident 's family he would be sent to a study class -- a euphemism for coercive ideological reform .
A group of Arnor soldiers arrived and a short but bloody battle emerged in which the men of Angmar emerged victorious
Farin was a Dwarf of the line of Durins Folk
3. Stefano Tilli ( Italy ) 10.43
Argentina at South Korea
"Remmirath" means "Netted Stars" in Sindarin
Evelyn Leopold
It quoted a source in the Russian command in Chechnya as saying that the servicemen were outnumbered by the rebels .
7. Anneke Matthijs ( Belgium ) 2:43.82
Galvorn grew out of Eöls skill of metallurgy skill he learned from his Dwarven friends of the Blue Mountains
It seems to have existed from the time after the destruction of the Two Lamps but does not appear on maps after the Change of the World as the Land of the Sun does not
The name "derndingle" means hidden hollow in an ancient language of Men in Middle-earth
Alex O'Brien ( U.S. ) beat Mikael Tillstrom ( Sweden ) 6-3 2-6
- SPEECH / 96 / 202 : Speech by European Commissioner Anita Gradin at the World Congress against Sexual Exploitation of Children in Stockholm .
COMMACK , New York 1996-08-24
England - Mike Atherton ( captain ) , Nick Knight , Alec Stewart , Graham Thorpe , Matthew Maynard , Graham Lloyd , Ronnie Irani , Robert Croft , Darren Gough , Dean Headley , Alan Mullally .
Aerin secretly helped Húrins wife Morwen and sheltered Sador, the former servant of Húrin and childhood friend of Túrin
The Great Eagles were beings of Arda said to have been "devised" by Manwë Súlimo, leader of the Valar, and were often called the Eagles of Manwë
The name Mahtan might be from the Quenya "mahta-" ("to handle"), referring to the arts and skill of making
From Ancient Telerin descended Falmarin, Sindarin and Nandorin, while Quenya was divided in two dialects: Vanyarin and Ñoldorin
He said volatility levels should be stable until markets reassess the situation after a long weekend in Britain .
Attack Olog-hai wear breastplates, vambraces, pauldrons, and helmets, and carry maces, hammers, or huge swords
He had a Bournemouth excursion from May 16 through 22 and had seen great companions, the Tolhursts
Belinda Goldsmith
The Arkenstone shone of its own inner light, and appeared a "little globe of pallid light" in darkness, and yet, cut and fashioned by the Dwarves, it took all light that fell upon it and changed it into "ten thousand sparks of white radiance, shot with glints of the rainbow"
The Hill-men Kings of Rhudaur ruled for some time as vassals of Angmar, but in TA 1409 Rhudaur was finally annexed by Angmar, and the kingship terminated
Since the latter company was more numerous, the Mordor Orcs were forced to follow the Uruks
After five years of attacks, Gondor finally assembled an army led by King Narmacil II himself
Arnaud Boetsch ( France ) beat Nicolas Pereira ( Venezuela ) 7-6 ( 7-4 ) 6-4 7-5
This was done, and Dori helped Bilbo out of the Wargs reach just in time
In New York , Jason Dickson scattered 10 hits over 6 1/3 innings in his major-league debut and Chili Davis belted a homer from each side of the plate as the California Angels defeated the Yankees 7-1 .
The flagship of the armada was the Alcarondas
While Alfrid, Bain, Sigrid, Tilda, and the Lake-town villagers make their way to the citadel, Bard gathers his men together and launches a fresh attack against the Guldur Orcs and armored trolls
Frerins Court was a location in Thorins Gate region, near the city of Thorins Halls, with a few houses and a market place mostly controlled by the Dourhands clan by the time of the War of the Ring
5. Falk Balzer ( Germany ) 13.52
4. Pauline Davis ( Bahamas ) 50.14
The dead army appears one more time in the game at the end of the Battle of the Pelennor Fields to help save Minas Tirith from Saurons army
The name Angamaitë means "iron-handed", from the Quenya word "anga" ("iron")
Commonwealth foreign ministers are to meet in London on Wednesday to discuss what action to take , after a visit to Nigeria was called off when the government imposed strict rules on whom the mission would be allowed to see .
During the Battle of Azanulbizar in TA 2799, Náin turned the tide of battle when he arrived with a fresh army of Dwarves, who drove through the host of Orcs up to the East-gate of Moria
They favored Adûnaic as their language
Mhow 2 Yellow 12,700-12,800 12,750-12,850
Clinton campaign busy making " news " .
Following the advice of his father Elendil prepared for the ruin of Númenor, gathering more of the Faithful and prepared their ships that were anchored in the east coast, storing their heirlooms and goods
In the years building up to the War of the Ring, Saruman assembled a large army of more than 10,000 soldiers, which he sent from Isengard in order to conquer Rohan
Valletta - Gilbert Agius ( 24th )
Mark Trevelyan
A magic bridge was cast between the island and the promontory of Rôs, in front of which it was anchored
As said, Andreth was also known as Saelind, meaning "wise heart", which comes from the Sindarin words sael, meaning wise, and ind, meaning "inner thought" or "heart"
"Glamdring" is translated as Foe-hammer, and the goblins in "The Hobbit" call it "Beater." Glamdring, along with Orcrist, its mate, is described in "The Hobbit" as having "...beautiful scabbards and jeweled hilts", and Glamdring is referred to by Elrond as "Foe-hammer that the king of Gondolin once wore." In "Unfinished Tales", one of the footnotes to the story " "Of Tuor and his Coming to Gondolin"" mentions that the sword of Turgon was "...white and gold...in a ruel-bone (ivory) sheath..." While Glamdring is not mentioned by name, it is reasonable to assume that the same sword is described
Here are the latest opinion polls tracking national support for Germany 's main political parties :
Ultimately, he achieved complete victory over them
Karsh was originally of the race of Men as Captain Carthaen, a Captain of Arnor and was a celebrated leader of his time
The players heroes after the battle with Dagnir at Hrogar’s Hill, learned that their weapons were not sufficient to kill the Dragon
Gondors army was being attacked on two fronts by the Balchoth and Orcs from the Misty Mountains
After a decade of cruel rule by Castamir the Usurper, the people of Gondor rebelled, and the rightful king Eldacar of Gondor returned to his Kingdom with an army from Rhovanion in TA 1447
Cirith Thoronath was Sindarin for cleft of the eagles
Afterwards, the Orcs dared not cross the Teiglin for many years, leaving the peoples north of the river in relative peace
It was foretold that he should rule a great realm, and that it should endure for at least a hundred generations of Men after him, that is until a new age brought in again new things; from him should come the kings of many realms in long days after
Hawthorn 21 10 1 10 1791 1820 98.4 42
MANCHESTER , England 1996-08-30
The Army of the Dead fullfilled the role of the superweapon for the force of Man, they can destroy vast armies alone, gliding through any types of units while seemingly sap the life of them at a rapid rate while being nigh-invincible against retaliatory attack
Ancient Marsh-dweller is an unknown creature that dwells in the marshlands of the Swanfleet
COFINEC SLIPS ON BUDAPEST BOURSE BUT FUTURE STRONG .
Battle took place in craggy cirques of Urugarth, where strong and fast Trolls hordes had the advantage over big and hard-maneuverable army of Evil Men
LONDON 1996-08-29
LONDON 1996-08-29
Bangladesh 's Criminal Investigation Department has charged two immigration officials in connection with Mia 's killing .
The New Zealand rugby selectors recalled fly-half Andrew Mehrtens on Wednesday when they announced their team for the third and final test in Johannesburg on Saturday .
He suggested that the One Ring should be either sent to Tom Bombadil or cast into the depths of the Sea, but Gandalf believed that the One would resurface on land after a hundred or thousand years
His supporters will contest the parliamentary election in a coalition of 30 mainly small parties , the Republican Front , led by Deby 's Patriotic Salvation Movement .
Pakistan state bank sells 1.38 bln rupees of bonds .
As a further bit of profit (and ignoring any loyalty to Saruman or the Black Riders), he sold a pony named Bill to Aragorn and the Hobbits, for which he demanded twelve silver pennies, over three times its value
Auxerre 0 Marseille 0 .
After a hard battle in the Thousand Caves, the Dwarves of Nogrod were victorious and took the Nauglamír and the Silmaril
Specter met Crown Prince Abdullah and Minister of Defence and Aviation Prince Sultan in Jeddah , Saudi state television and the official Saudi Press Agency reported .
Ignacio Olascoaga Mugica , who had just ended a prison sentence in France , is suspected of having taken part in several guerrilla attacks in Spain .
The day after the party, he was present during the finalizing of Bilbos will for Frodo to legally inherit Bag End and was amongst a few other treasure seeking young hobbits attempting to search for Bilbos legendary gold
4. Tatiana Stiajkina ( Ukraine ) 11
Éowyn killed his winged mount, and the Witch-king attacked her with his mace
He graduated with a diploma in theatre in 1970
Before his defeat, the Dark Lord Morgoth (simply known as Melkor) had used dark sorcery in his fortress of Utumno and later Angband
Venezuelan Finance Minister Luis Raul Matos Azocar will make an " important announcement " on Thursday at 1230 local / 1630 GMT at a Central Bank press conference , the Finance Ministry said .
" Our trend growth rate of five percent in real terms is pretty solid , " Tsang told a news conference after meeting New Zealand Finance Minister Bill Birch .
" People who wish to hold conferences of course do n't need to seek permission from the government in Britain , " he said .
The Ruffians then tried to fight their way out through the Hobbits, some breaking through
When the Fellowship of the Ring set out from Rivendell on the Quest of the Ring, they were forced to make their way through Moria after the failed attempt of climbing Caradhras (Redhorn) where they were pursued by Wargs
Nobody should try and exaggerate it by calling it a bomb because it was just a molotov cocktail , Utomo said .
The Men were divided into many different groups
Nearly half the 1,617 military personnel surveyed in the Rajapat Institute poll suggested that Banharn resign , while about 28 percent thought he should dissolve parliament and 24 percent thought a cabinet reshuffle could resolve the government 's problems .
A large force of Orcs and Easterlings was sent to guard the northern roads against possible reinforcements from Rohan
His accession brought great unrest to Gondor, for he was sent by his father as an ambassador to Rhovanion to acquaint himself with the Northmen
Two earlier names for Nessa were Helinyetille, the "Eyes of Heartsease", from "helin" ("violet, pansy"), and Melesta, from "mele" ("to love")
Richard Gephardt -- Gephardt , House Democratic leader , is a politician with a " Mr Clean " reputation who sought the presidency eight years ago and is widely believed to still have ambitions for the job .
LISBON 1996-08-23
Morgoth desired still to conquer and dominate the peoples of Middle-earth, and so sent forth his armies hoping to seize the territories to his south
ROWING - REDGRAVE MAY SEEK FIFTH OLYMPIC GOLD .
"Ilmen" is a Quenya word containing the root "ilm", which may be related to starlight
" Butch and I are finished , " Norman told reporters on Thursday before the start of the World Series of Golf in Akron , Ohio .
3 - Wayne Ferreira ( South Africa ) beat 5 - Thomas Enqvist
An outbreak of cholera has killed five people in the central Senegal town of Kaolack , where health authorities have recorded 291 cases since August 11 , a medical official said on Thursday .
The worst of these problems came from the Sackville-Bagginses, who were angry that they were not able to possess Bag End when he was thought to be dead
NAC Breda 1 ( Arnold 70th ) Sparta Rotterdam 0 .
Liam Gallagher , singer of Britain 's top rock group Oasis , flew out on Thursday to join the band three days after the start of its U.S. tour .
Yeltsin has said any deal should preserve Russia 's territorial integrity .
Viljoen has hailed clauses in South Africa 's new constitution as making possible a form of self-rule for the Afrikaners , descendants of the country 's Dutch , German and French settlers .
Elegost also found the last axe ever forged that the Orcs have stolen, which he gave to Hadhod before they located the mithril pit
Younis 4-95 )
The Sindarin form of the Mering Stream is Glanhír
Above-normal summer rainfall in the U.S. High Plains has produced near-ideal conditions for planting the 1997 hard red winter wheat crop , analysts said Wednesday .
While Manwë ordained a great feast, at which Tulkas fell asleep, Melkor assailed and destroyed the Two Lamps
After being captured by goblins, Gandalf saved saved them again in Goblin-town, they were hunted by wargs
PRESS DIGEST - Ivory Coast - Aug 29 .
As punishment for bringing him near, Elanors family was made to come last in the migration, troubling them due to Largos injured ankle
William Weld is working to stop his bid to win a U.S. Senate seat because she does n't want to leave Massachusetts .
Parnevik , who is seeking his first PGA Tour victory , moved to 19-under 194 for the tournament .
Hill-trolls appeared in "", as part of the Angmar faction
2. Lance Armstrong ( U.S. ) Motorola 1 second behind
Comelf 's six-month output rose to 4,378 tonnes of equipment from 2,684 tonnes in the equivalent period in 1995 , the company report to the Bucharest stock exchange showed .
The Lembas the Fellowship were given by the Elves of Lórien is capable of keeping a "traveller on his feet for a day of long labour", and the hithlain rope is described as strong, tough, light, long, soft to the hand, packs close and, at Sams spoken command, unknots itself when Sam fails to do so
The river joined with the River Running to flow into the Sea of Rhûn
Iraq balks at U.N. staff for oil-for-food deal .
Somerset 83 and 174 ( P. Simmons 4-38 ) , Leicestershire 296 .
Baldwin ( 10-4 ) struck out four and did not walk a batter for Chicago , which won for only the fourth time in 15 games .
European beef sales plunged after Britain announced the discovery of a likely link between bovine spongiform encephalopathy ( BSE ) , or mad cow disease , and its fatal human equivalent Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease ( CJD ) .
Tass quoted the Kremlin press service as saying the operation took place on Saturday in the Central Clinical Hospital which treats top officials .
Using these skins as disguise Beren and Lúthien went to Angband, while Huan hunted in the wild
Túvo protected Men and Elves from them and from ‘evil fays’, and of Orcs besides
Eru did not make Men as similar to the Valar as He did the Elves; rather, He blessed His second children with "strange gifts"
Hill-trolls were said to be taller and broader than men, as all trolls were, and their hide was perhaps akin to a close-fitting mesh, covered with horny scales
Glamdring, along with Orcrist its mate, are described in "The Hobbit" as having "...beautiful scabbards and jeweled hilts", and Glamdring was referred to by Elrond as "Foe-hammer that the King of Gondolin once wore"
The Ent-draughts were the mysterious drafts of the Ents and possibly their primary source of nourishment in Fangorn Forest
The first flashback shows the events that take place following Gandalfs plunge into the abyss of Khazad-dûm: Gandalf hurtles down the chasm after the Balrog, recovering his sword Glamdring in mid-air and catching up to the Balrog
" Yesterday was the toughest day I 've had for a long time , " Woods said . "
His only weapon shown is a quiver of arrows (and can be presumed a bow) which makes him skilled as an archer
Everton 's Duncan Ferguson went close for Scotland in the 65th minute when he forced Austrian goalkeeper Michael Konsel to a diving save .
Gloria Bistrita - Ilie Lazar ( 32nd ) , Eugen Voica ( 84th )
After the Undying Lands were separated from Arda during the Downfall of Númenor, Manwë was still concerned for the fate of the peoples of Middle-earth
3. Mika Hakkinen ( Finland ) McLaren 15.710
A year later, when journeying through the Coldfells, Arador is killed by a Troll, making Arathorn the chieftain of the Dúnedain
Suvit said the motive for their intrusions was not clear but he had ordered reinforcements to beef up security along the porous frontier .
Having such properties as to make arrows bounce off, Mithril became an invaluable substance to the Dwarves, so much, so that a single mail shirt could be "worth more than the value of the Shire and everything in it"
Most of the Orcs and wargs are killed by the eagles, but Azog, his white Warg, and a few of the Orc riders are left alive
Woosnam 70 76 , Miguel Angel Jimenez ( Spain ) 74 72 , Klas
This first sundering caused the separation of Common Eldarin from the many Avarin languages and their original language was forgotten
He had eight younger siblings: Goldilocks, Hamfast, Daisy, Primrose, Bilbo, Ruby, Robin, and Tolman
Sauron, having revealed himself in the destruction of Eregion and empowered by the One Ring he had forged, invaded Eriador in the same blow; however, his attempt to take Mithlond and Lindon failed with the intervention of the Númenóreans sent by Tar-Minastir
" What happened concerning continuous violations and crimes from this new Israeli leadership means they are declaring a state of war against the Palestinian people , " Arafat told the Palestinian legislature .
During the reign of Durin the Deathless some of the wonders of Dwarvish architecture were built in Khazad-dûm: Durins Bridge, the Second Hall, the Endless Stair and Durins Tower
The Haradrim had tamed the massive Mûmakil beasts and used them in warfare and, like their masters, were decorated with scarlet and gold
Sao Paulo midfielder Andre and Santos defender Narciso were both substituted during their teams ' game , taken to Sao Paulo airport and flown to Rio de Janeiro in a private jet chartered by the Brazilian Football Confederation ( CBF ) .
R. Blakey 109 not out , M. Moxon 66 , M. Vaughan 57 ) .
PRESS DIGEST - Tunisia - Aug 31 .
Nick Knight 3 5 0 190 113 38.00
Britain will hand over Hong Kong to Chinese sovereignty at midnight on June 30 , 1997 .
The tale of the War of the Ring tells of how, with the Ents, the Huorns marched on Isengard like a great forest, and how, under the direction of the Ents, they exterminated the entire Orc army in the Battle of the Hornburg
In 14 years as Chicago 's archbishop , he built a prayerful , saintly image and was deeply involved in world church issues and publicly committed to rooting out abuses by clergy .
For three hours on Tuesday , around 100 members of the Maoist rebel group Shining Path took control of Alomella Robles , a small village about 345 miles ( 550 km ) northeast of Lima , the sources said .
The leading U.S. beryllium producer said in a conference call it has traditionally been pro-active regarding the workplace disease , a lung ailment which can affects a small percent of people whose immune systems are susceptible .
After Narmacil lost the Battle of the Plains in TA 1856, most all of the Northmen of Rhovanion were enslaved and occupied by the Wainriders for forty-five years
Snaga appeared in "The Lord of the Rings" (1981 radio series), voiced by Gordon Reid
NOVYE ATAGI , Russia 1996-08-27
Fangli/Fankil/Fukil, the child of Melkor and his servant, entered into the world perverting men
6. Johansson 17
Israel 's outgoing peace negotiator with Syria said on Thursday current tensions between the two countries appeared to be a storm in a teacup .
"Orodruin" - Sindarin name of Mount Doom
Fairies were a race originally in earlier tales of J.R.R. Tolkien in "The Book of Lost Tales", "The Lays of Beleriand", and "The Shaping of Middle-earth"
"Dagor" translates as "battle" in Sindarin
"Istari" was a Quenya word (singular: "Istar")
However, by the Third Age, Quenya as it was spoken in Middle-earth had voiced the "ng" phoneme as a regular "n", making the effective pronunciation during the Age as "Noldor"
We now have the opportunity to realize the potential of Arequipa 's excellent assets , " Barrick chairman and chief executive Peter Munk said in a statement .
Sauron, however, was not idle in the east: he created a strong alliance between the various tribes of Easterlings, so that when he returned he was more powerful than before and had many Men in his service
" I would love to speak about everything , " said Simpson , who vowed after his acquittal to find the killers and offered a substantial reward .
Dudo Baggins was a Hobbit of the Shire
- 5 Billy Mayfair through 2
Hob was old, and one of several shirriffs who were to guard the new gate at the Brandywine Bridge under the command of Bill Ferny
But in dealings with their subject peoples and the surrounding nations, they used Westron, a descendant of the Adûnaic language of Númenor, closely related to many of the Mannish dialects that already prevailed in their territories
LJUBLJANA 1996-08-27
In the days of Fëanor in Valinor, the first gems that he made under starlight were observed to be brighter then even Helluin
The Gondorian army at the Black Gate narrowly routed the Evil holding it
J.R.R. Tolkien wrote in a 1971 letter that in folklore hobgoblins were actually particularly small goblins of the traditional (not the Tolkien) kind, which is opposite to the case with the "goblins" (orcs) of "The Hobbit"
Arda Marred also broke the design of Elvish immortality: in Arda Marred Elves slowly fade, until at last they are little more than wraiths
MELBOURNE 1996-08-26
Upon Saurons fall and the One Rings destruction, the powers of Vilya slowly faded, and it went over the sea along with its keeper, Elrond, at the very end of the Third Age
Yeltsin had told Kohl about efforts to find a political solution to the conflict in Russia 's breakaway Chechnya region , Interfax added .
7. Pyotr Bochkary ( Russia ) 5.65
10. Max Sciandri ( Britain ) 55
( Australia ) 5-7 7-6 ( 7-1 ) 7-6 ( 13-11 )
SEOUL 1996-08-30
Some of the peoples of Far Harad were organized into kingdoms
AMSTERDAM 1996-08-24
Havel is due to meet with his Brazilian counterpart Fernando Henrique Cardoso in the capital Brasilia and will visit the cities of Manaus , Sao Paulo and Rio de Janeiro .
RAMALLAH , West Bank 1996-08-28
The term "Qenya" is now used to distinguish between the stages of the High Elvish language before and after the publication of the "The Lord of the Rings." However, the fluid nature of Tolkiens languages makes such a distinction a highly disputed one
The Alliance, which also included Elves from Lothlórien, Men from Arnor and Gondor, and Dwarves likely led by Durin IV, defeated Saurons army at the Battle of Dagorlad and laid siege to Barad-dûr for seven years
This catches Celebrimbors attention, and soon Sauron has the Master-smiths trust as they attempt to forge a creation that will prevent the Elves from fading
CHICAGO AT ATLANTA
6. Steve Brown ( U.S. ) 13.53
Letter 46 is the forty-sixth letter written by J.R.R. Tolkien and published in "The Letters of J.R.R. Tolkien"
3-mth Helibor 3.40 pct 3.40 pct
The ending -"an" could also have come "anna", meaning "give" in Sindarin
C. Wishart c Healy b Reiffel 0
The only person who had the courage to stay was Angbor, the Lord of Lamedon, and Aragorn told him to gather his men and follow the Grey Company to Pelargir
Hizbollah ( Party of God ) gunmen have waged a guerrilla war to oust Israel from the area .
Formula Shell beat Ginebra San Miguel 89-86 ( 45-46 half-time )
Gong Zhichao ( China ) beat Liu Lufung ( China ) 6-11 11-7 11-3
Ered Lómin is Sindarin for Echoing Mountains
There is also widespread disbelief that no one appeared to question how Dutroux , an unemployed father of three with no visible means of support , managed to own six houses .
China on Tuesday reaffirmed its support for a global nuclear test ban treaty blocked by India last week , saying the pact would be an important step in achieving total nuclear disarmament .
Vice-president Khemais Chammari last July was sentenced to five years in prison on a charge of disclosing secrets of judicial proceedings in Moada 's affair .
Of the total 119 issues traded 71 closed higher , 44 ended lower and four remained unchanged .
She wedded Samwise Gamgee, renowned companion of Frodo Baggins in the quest of the One Ring
These warriors, called "thrall masters", developed the ability to summon armies from the dust and before too long, the Witch-kings army was replenished and a bloody battle ensued
The best way to defend against him is to use characters with high health (4-5) and defense of 3 or more
There he would rule over the goblins of the Misty Mountains
After giving all of the gold from Sarumans purse to the Dwarf, Nalir stretches out to give the map to the heroes
David Ready is an American film producer whose career began with "Imagine That" in 2009
*INDICES USED AND THEIR ALL-TIME CLOSING HIGHS
Dwarves are later ambushed, Beren keeps the necklace, and gold is thrown into the river
WASHINGTON 1996-08-30
The Elves loved it for its beauty and presumably used it for jewelry and attire rather than weapons or armour
Pablo Campana ( Ecuador ) beat Mark Knowles ( Bahamas ) 7-6 ( 7-3 ) 3 - 6 6-3 6-7 ( 3-7 ) 6-3
" We will then proceed with the annexation of Sardinia , Corsica and Cyprus , " Cimicchi told reporters on Saturday .
Ramos said the peace agreement " shall bring down the curtain on a long and storied era of strife in Philippine history . "
It explained the " addition of a New York license will enable Penn Treaty American Corp to conduct business in all 50 states , following the company 's acquisition of Health Insurance of Vermont , a Vermont domiciled insurer , scheduled to close on August 30 , 1996 . "
SINGAPORE 1996-08-26
Hussain , considered surplus to England 's one-day requirements , struck 158 , his first championship century of the season , as Essex reached 372 and took a first innings lead of 82 .
The book , which has been translated into 40 languages , deals with a day in the life of Santiago de Cuba , Puig 's native city , under the pre-Castro government of Fulgencio Batista .
In SA 3429, Sauron sent a large army from Gorgoroth in a surprise attack on Minas Ithil
Late on Friday , Liege police said in a statement that on Thursday , Rachel Legeard , 18 , and Severine Potty , 19 , had gone shopping to the eastern town of Liege on Thursday , where Legeard 's wallet had been stolen .
Hirluin was a Sindarin word meaning blue lord
LONDON 1996-09-01
-- George Georgiopoulos , Athens Newsroom +301 3311812-4
2. Ferrigato 112
Jackson and Andrew Lesnie discussed shooting the films on 65mm filmstock, but it was cumbersome, cost-prohibitive and required dailies to be processed outside of New Zealand
Midfielders - Alexandre Comisetti ( Grasshoppers ) , Antonio Esposito ( Grasshoppers ) , Sebastien Fournier ( Stuttgart ) , Christophe Ohrel ( Lausanne ) , Patrick Sylvestre ( Sion ) , David Sesa ( Servette ) , Ciriaco Sforza ( Inter Milan ) Murat Yakin ( Grasshoppers ) .
Known members of the Grubb family included Lavender Grubb and Laura Grubb
Vavuniya is just south of the northern mainland area controlled by the LTTE .
MANAGUA , Nicaragua 1996-08-23
In time, they became very rich and amassed a large amount of gold and treasure which included the jewel known as the Arkenstone
( Haessler 33rd , Dundee 45th , Keller 90th ) .
"Thranduil" is a Sindarin word for "Vigorous spring", from "tharan" ("vigorous") and "ethuil" ("spring")
ORVIETO , Italy 1996-08-24
WARSAW 1996-08-30
Salim Malik not out 100
In EAs video game , the Men of Rhudaur are corrupted Hill-men who ended up serving Angmar and the Witch-king
Éomer became King of the Mark upon Théodens death, and attended the final council of war before the Battle of the Black Gate, where Gandalf counseled that the combined forces of Gondor and Rohan must throw a diversionary force of sufficient size against Mordor, with little chance of survival, let alone success, in the slender hope of distracting Sauron long enough to allow Frodo Baggins and Samwise Gamgee to cross Mordor in secret and deliver the One Ring to Mount Doom
GENEVA 1996-08-23
While there, they came in contact with the Dunlendings, and picked up a few Dunlendish words
MINSK 1996-08-30
Naish said there was no need for Britain to carry out a planned cull of some 147,000 cattle to which it had reluctantly agreed to placate its European partners .
But Takeda found one more spurt of power to just take the flag first with Haga second and Yoshikawa third .
Pudvah said he understood other people with minor injuries were being treated at the scene .
The mercenaries raised them harshly, leading to the deaths of the other children, but Jagai was hardened and worked his way through the Easterlings ranks as he grew, taking the name of Serka
In the evil campaign (since, in chronological order, the evil mission takes place first), you have control of Saleme, an assassin from Harad, who was sent from Mordor to take the city, either by assassinating the captain there named Wulfhelm with Haradrim Slayers, a special unit that, with an upgrade, can be invisible to all unless there are detector units, or by force, by killing all the people in the town after destroying the base outside the city
Death toll of Algeria bomb put at seven-newspaper .
Arondir spoke to Theo, attempting to encourage the boy, who felt that he had lost his significance after losing the sword-hilt
They are the only certain Avarin words ever mentioned in the published Middle-earth material
In the latter half of the Third Age, it became the greatest Dwarf city in Middle-earth
Other than wielding a large sword, he uses sorcery to create blasts of wind called "Wind of the Mountain", and chants spells to summon his undead army including undead archers and swordsmen
Drop goal : Zinzan Brooke .
Choudhury also was president of the 41st session of the U.N. General Assembly in 1986-87 .
Pippin later looked into the palantír, which encouraged Sauron to send his Nazgûl over the River Anduin, and the assault he had long planned against the west began to take shape
President Bill Clinton has served notice he intends to be busy " making news " -- or at least doing things that look and sound like it in a campaign year .
In Early Quenya his name is "Timpinen", that means "fluter"
She and her family attended Bilbos Farewell Birthday Party on September 22, 3001
3. Hever Golf Rose 11-4 ( Jason Weaver )
The age of consent for heterosexual and homosexual sex in Albania is 14 .
The Dwarves hoped for venison for dinner, when Bilbo realized that Bombur was drowning
Brego found him on the shore of the river and nudged him awake, carrying him to Helms Deep in time to bring warning of Sarumans approaching army of Uruk-hai
The Great Armament was the vast military fleet developed from SA 3310-SA 3319 by Ar-Pharazôn, King of Númenor, to cross the Sea, assail the Valar, and wrest immortality from them
Maiar - Mearas - Men - Men of Gondor - Middle Men - Moriquendi - Mountain-trolls N
Ironically the one being who suffered the most from the One Ring was the one who managed to destroy it in the end
2. Paddy Lad 16-1 ( Peter Bloomfield )
Northern Iraq has been under Iraqi Kurdish control since after the 1991 Gulf War .
Sewa said the rebels overran Foindu despite the presence of government troops in the village on the highway between Mano Junction and the diamond town of Tongo Field .
Jiri Novak ( Czech Republic ) beat Ben Ellwood ( Australia ) 6-2 6- 4 6-3
However, Asgon replied that was their duty to find and follow him everywhere and then suggested to look for him in nearby Brethil, saying that the Men of Brethil were good and that they would welcome them even if they were strangers, since the Lord of Brethil was akin to the House of Hador
Bugno , who won the Giro d'Italia in 1990 and two successive world titles , was banned for three months in 1994 after testing positive for the stimulant caffeine .
Fred McGriff went 5-for-5 and homered twice , including a three-run blast with two out in the bottom of the ninth inning that lifted the Atlanta Braves to a 6-5 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Saturday .
Business info Europe 231 24 178 18
The crown, usually placed on the head of the new King by his father, was as those of the citadel guard, except loftier and whiter, with wings of pearl and silver in the likeness of a seabird
He again accused the news media of erroneous reporting on his case but did not signal any plans for lawsuits as he did on Wednesday in an address at a jam-packed Washington church .
It is unknown when the knife was created, but was known to be in use by the Witch-king by the late Third Age
If the rumours pertaining to him hold any truth, he was once one of the great Númenórean kings who ruled the Southlands prior to the days of the Last Alliance
It was considered to be one of the Three Rings of the Elves created by Celebrimbor, along with Narya and Nenya
More than 600,000 refugees have registered to vote in 55 countries around the world , representing about 20 per cent of Bosnia 's total electorate .
---
In regard to his nature, Tolkien once said that some things should remain mysterious in any mythology, hidden even to its inventor
In place of Aman, these New Lands emerged in the west
But Bruno lost the title on his first defence when he fought American Tyson in Las Vegas .
The army of the Last Alliance gathered at Rivendell in SA 3431 and then marched to war
Sindarin however, almost like Quenyas simplified form, lasted many ages longer being spoken by Elves - and it is Sindarin, not Quenya, that is referred to by the modern term "Elvish"
The name Egalmoth has unclear origins, though it is likely to have been Sindarin
Swedish options and derivatives exchange OM Gruppen AB said on Thursday it would open an electronic bourse for forest industry products in London in the first half of 1997 .
It was the jewel wrested from Morgoths Iron Crown by Beren and Lúthien and later recovered by Elwing, Eärendils wife
The Lord of the Rings film trilogy
Like the host in Catholic theology, Lembas appears to be a wafer of bread and cannot be eaten by evil beings
Of the nearly 270 people hanged for various crimes in Singapore since 1975 , almost half have been for drug-related charges .
The shield of the High-king was the same shape as the common Elven shield, but like his armor it was more richly adorned: it was enameled in blue on and around the center jewel and decorated in gold with the twelve stars of his house
Dividend ( H.K. cents ) 18.0 vs 18.0
The theme plays when Denethor II sees the unconscious Faramir and believed that now both of his sons were dead
Northamptonshire 160-4 ( K. Curran
Eternally pessimistic, with a natural tendency to expect the worst, Dori is nonetheless quite prepared to risk life and limb in order to get the job done." In "The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey: A Visual Companion", writer Jude Fisher describes Dori as fancying himself as something of a sophisticate, with a liking for good wine, beautiful jewelry, and fine clothes; the rest of the company see him as a dandy, as shown by the way he braids his beard into a silver case
The Haradrim were masters of archery and had expert snipers positioned on the feared Mûmakil
1. Falilat Ogunkoya ( Nigeria ) 50.31 seconds
290 Colin Montgomerie 68 76 77 69 , Robert Coles 74 76 71 69 , Philip Walton ( Ireland ) 71 74 74 71 , Peter Mitchell 74 71 74 71 , Klas Eriksson ( Sweden ) 71 75 72 72 , Pedro Linhart ( Spain ) 72 73 67 78
Hong Kong will retain its own currency after the handover , run its own financial and monetary policy and have control over its own foreign exchange reserves .
Date 's defeat left no other seeded players in Seles 's quarter of the draw , which lost Anke Huber ( 6 ) and Maggie Maleeva ( 12 ) on Monday .
He grew restless in his homeland, and so went often abroad, leading like-minded Númenóreans in wars against Men of Middle-earths coasts whom Númenor had begun to seek control of
The mighty fortress of Seregost, citadel and headquarters of Lhaereth the Stained and her Stained Merrevail, dominates the land and blocks access to the even more deadly Mokál Rukh beyond
The few that remain where held at spearpoint before Turch order his men to stop
During a critical time during the Nírnaeth Arnoediad, he turned on Caranthir attacking his forces from the rear
The Battle wagon can be upgraded with one of four different abilities: Hearth: Allows the Battle wagon to heal surrounding units as well as itself. Men of Dale: Two archers are stationed in the back of the wagon and fire on any enemy units that venture to close
5. Veerle De Jaeghere ( Belgium ) 2:43.18
Ata-ur-Rehman c Knight b Hollioake 2
The Súthburg held a large war-horn, and whenever it was blown, Helm would break through the Dunlending ranks, slaying many of their men
The Golden Book was a book about the early history of the Eldar in earlier version of the legendarium
In the wake of the battle, a funeral was held for Thorin Oakenshield, Fíli and Kíli, with members of Thorin and Company, Beorn and Radagast in attendance while those in the city of Dale honored those who had fallen in battle
The fires were spotted by Fingolfins host, and they knew that they were betrayed
" Seven percent creates psychological problems and a legitimate competitor for money from equities , " said Ralph Bloch , chief technical analyst at Raymond James .
One out later , Gonzalez smacked his 40th homer , extending his hitting streak to 20 games .
It is there that they are ambushed by Azog as his army from Gundabad approached from the north, Azogs Orcs overcame Fíli, executing him in front of Thorin from across the River Running, beginning the climactic confrontation
DETROIT AT KANSAS CITY
"Valanya" was the days name in the Quenya language
TAIBE , Israel 1996-08-23
Benfica finally opened the scoring in the 81st minute with a penalty taken by Helder after Luis Baltasar tripped up captain Joao Pinto under the referee 's nose .
Pakistan first innings ( overnight 339-4 )
In another account, "Gilfanon" was instead the name of a Solosimpin Elf of Alqaluntë
Armed police commandos patrolled the ground when Australia opened their short tour of Sri Lanka with a five-run win over the country 's youth team on Thursday .
Palurien, Vána the youthful, and Lórien "of Dreams" weave spells of power and life about the pits, and from them sprout two trees, of gold and silver: "Laurelin" and "Silpion" respectively
In Detroit , Brad Ausmus 's three-run homer capped a four-run eighth and lifted the Tigers to a 7-4 victory over the reeling Chicago White Sox .
Fingon was killed and no Elves returned to Hithlum, which Morgoth gave to the Easterlings
- Judge accuses government of obstructing investigation into Lasa-Zabala ( two of GAL victims ) case
Rebel fighters and Russian soldiers said a ceasefire effective at noon ( 0800 GMT ) on Friday was being generally observed , although scattered gunfire echoed through the Chechen capital Grozny .
He also intends to push the technology of animatronics to new levels; wanting to do animatronic Trolls that would roll into balls
Princess Diana send message to Mother Teresa .
" The dollar 's gains were less than spectacular , suggesting that while it 's likely to benefit from revised Japanese rate expectations , a breakout from the established trading range does n't appear likely , " said currency economist Klaus Baader .
He was caught with several other soldiers selling weapons from the armory, but while awaiting execution, managed to kill a guard and escape in a wine cask
Éomer became the third Marshal of the Mark, and was a strong leader of Men
The film begins with Bilbo Baggins celebrating his 129th birthday in Rivendell
A foot-long piece of debris bearing markings from a commercial aircraft was found on the New Jersey shore and forwarded to TWA crash investigators in Long Island , officials said on Wednesday .
-- Budapest newsroom ( 36 1 ) 266 2410
All information in the tree is from "The Lord of the Rings", Appendix A, "The Northern Line: Heirs of Isildur",[1] or "Eriador, Arnor, and the Heirs of Isildur",[2] or "The Tale of Aragorn and Arwen",[3] or "The Peoples of Middle-earth", "The Heirs of Elendil"[4] unless otherwise specified
Pires scored first with a powerful shot in the 35th minute before striking again from close range just before the break .
Police spokesman Roger Grimwade said the six or seven hijackers remained on board the aircraft , which arrived from Cyprus at 4.30 a.m. ( 0330 GMT ) .
It is possible that "Doom" is a mis-anglicization of "Dun", an old-English and possibly Rohirric term for "mountain"
Moscow , which wants to keep Chechnya as a part of the Russian Federation , sent troops to the region in December 1994 to quell its independence bid .
At the end of the War of the Ring when Lotho ruled the Shire, the inn was torn down in favor of a gloomy-like guardhouse for the Chiefs Men and their Hobbit servants
20. Paul Broadhurst 176,780
However Men were awakened when the Sun first arose in the heavens and the Elves therefore called them the Children of the Sun, the Night-fearers
There was a road there, created long ago by the "Stonehouse-folk" (Men of Gondor), that everyone except the Wild Men had forgotten
He was a very large creature with a huge head
Anárion means "Sun-son" or "Child of the Sun" from the Quenya "anar" ("sun") and "-ion" ("son, descendant of")
Calimehtar succeeded his father Narmacil II in TA 1856 who was killed by the Wainriders during the defeat of Gondor at the Battle of the Plains
7. Sebastian Lindholm ( Finland ) Ford Escort 5:17
The Hill-men descended mostly from the indigenous Men, who descended from the second host of the Edain that reached the White Mountains along with the Drúedain
Whether this meant Gondor ruled over Easterlings or subjugated them is not known only that these new eastern territories became a province of the Kingdom of Gondor
During his attack on Lake-town, Smaug goes out of his way to mock and sneer at Bard and Bain
The village travels east from Norfield Glen to the Grove, where the Stranger heals the damaged orchard but nearly harms Elanor and Dilly in the process, leading him to leave so not to endanger the Harfoots
WINNIPEG 1996-08-26
Orodlin, or Ordláf, was a Ñoldorin Elf in earlier versions of J.R.R. Tolkiens legendarium
Answer: Time What have I got in my pocket? Answer: The One Ring of Power This technically wasnt a riddle
Meanwhile, on land, Ar-Pharazôn and his army were buried under an avalanche of falling rocks or hills
In the first round Muster faces American Richey Reneberg , who has been playing some of the best tennis of his career of late .
Neo-Languages is the conventional name of the different attempts of use the languages invented for Arda by J.R.R. Tolkien
During this period there is a gap in Tooks family genealogy; thus, his existence is attested only by the fact that he was the namesake of Ferumbras II and Ferumbras III
Constructorol - Sergei Rogachev ( 42nd ) , Gennadi Skidan
Carl Suneson ( Spain ) 65 66 70
It is told that, later, Túrin and Niënor were once purified in this bath
It was raised by the Valar to house the southern of the Two Lamps, Ormal
Andrei Medvedev ( Ukraine ) beat Jean-Philippe Fleurian ( France ) 6-2 6-0 6-1
During the War of the Ring, this term was used to refer to the Men who ventured forth to challenge the armies of Mordor
JERUSALEM 1996-08-22
Kevorkian attends third suicide in week .
BEIJING 1996-08-27
Scores : England 326 ; Pakistan 473-6 .
2. Jane Quigley ( U.S. ) 18 points
The 30-year-old Edberg , a former two-time Open champion , had wrestled control of the match away from Karbacher when the German , hampered by a left hamstring injury , decided he could n't continue under the stadium lights at the National Tennis Centre .
Alan Mullally 3 5 1 39 24 9.75
In order to defend the city, Aragorn travelled the Paths of the Dead, and summoned the Dead Men of Dunharrow who owed allegiance to the Heir of Isildur
Fëanor therefore went to Alqualondë where the seafaring Teleri lived, and attempted to persuade them to join him or failing that, to secure the use of their ships
Hiddink did not name a replacement captain for Danny Blind , who announced his retirement from international soccer on Sunday .
" Naina Yeltsin looks well , she is active , she is clearly getting better , " Yastrzhembsky quoted Yeltsin as saying .
He married a Ñoldorin lady named Eldalótë ("Edhellos" in Sindarin)
She wrote "The Da Vince Hoax: Exposing the Errors in The Da Vinci Code" with Carl E
Gollum, who disliked anything made by the Elves, was afraid of Sting
Sauron used the winter to his advantage, staging an attack on Gondor by five great fleets of the Corsairs of Umbar and Haradrim, while at the same time Easterlings and Dunlendings backed by Corsairs attacked Rohan
With the passing of Sauron Thranduils domain was extended to the Mountains of Mirkwood
He was also expected to meet Prime Minister Netanyahu and opposition leader Shimon Peres for talks .
Euro 96 star Vladimir Smicer of the Czech Republic scored at the last second for Lens , allowing them to retain the lead in the French soccer league on Wednesday .
Opposition parties , civic organisations and private-sector unions have expressed support for the action and denounced the government 's pay rises of up to eight percent for its workers .
Helge Kåre Fauskanger translated the first two chapters of Genesis into Quenya
" The world community should not be indifferent to the fact that President Lukashenko , who leads this European state of 10 million people , is trying to establish a dictatorship with his new constitution , " Sharetsky said .
The Dunlendings were cruel, taking slaves and forcing the surviving Rohirrim to flee to the dales in the White Mountains
The announcement came 24 hours after the team from the French Riviera lost at home to Guingamp 2-1 in a league match .
However, in SA 1590, the smiths were betrayed and deceived when Celebrimbor discovered that Sauron forged the One Ring to rule all the others
Cunningham played his entire 11-year career with the Philadelphia Eagles .
FLORIDA AT ST LOUIS
In the Second Age, Sauron corrupted and combined Valarin and Quenya to create Black Speech, which he intended to make the official language of all who served him
New Zealand is prone to frequent earthquakes but they rarely cause major damage .
Gorkil leads the destruction to two of three Elven fortresses, while Corsair ships destroy the third
Zhója was originally an archer in the Easterling army of Rhûn, at a fortress in Dorwinion
They encountered a fire drake along the way and lost half a tribe of Hill-trolls to the beast, but the Witch-king and Morgomir rushed forward and slew the beast, giving the host new heart, and so they continued their march south
WARSAW 1996-08-25
Grozny quiet overnight after raids .
A member of each of the Free Peoples offered to join Frodo in his quest, forming the Fellowship of the Ring
Showers and rain 0.25-1.00 inch ( 6-25 mm ) and locally heavier through most of central and south central India , up to 0.75 inch ( 19 mm ) in 75 percent of north central India , and only isolated up to 0.50 inch ( 13 mm ) elsewhere over India .
No closures of airports in the Commonwealth of Independent States are expected on August 24 and August 25 , the Russian Weather Service said on Friday .
VALLETTA 1996-08-23
At Tunbridge Wells : Nottinghamshire 214 and 167-6 ( C. Tolley 64 not out ) , Kent 244 ( C. Hooper 58 ; C. Tolley 4-68 , K. Evans 4-71 )
Ilterindi were the great fetters made to hold Melko (Melkor) in the earlier forms of the legendarium
Clinton is leading Dole by as much as 15 points according to some polls .
behind
Iavas was the Sindarin name for the season in the Calendar of Imladris which corresponds with autumn
French 1997 budget due around September 10 - Juppe .
After the Battle of Tumhalad, while the leaves were falling from trees in a great wind and the Elven army was hurrying back to Nargothrond, Ornil met Túrin and said to him: "Even so fall the people of Nargothrond, but them there shall come no Spring." Quennar Onótimo was a Loremaster of the Ñoldor who dwelt in Aman
Several other Elves, Dwarves, and Men are summoned to Rivendell; at the Council of Elrond they learn that all of their errands are related to the fate of the One Ring, and they have to decide what to do with it
The dollar was also pressured by the mark 's strength against European currencies amid renewed concerns over Europe 's economic and monetary union ( EMU ) timetable .
BRUSSELS 1996-08-28
5 - Andrei Medvedev ( Ukraine ) beat Karol Kucera ( Slovakia ) 7-6
He launched a great assault by land and sea on the Haradrim in TA 1050 and won a great victory, lifting the siege of Umbar and breaking the power of the Black Númenóreans for good
Egypt has banned and confiscated 10,000 copies of the Cyprus-based Arabic monthly newspaper al-Tadamun because of an editorial suggesting mental health tests for Arab leaders , the editor-in-chief said on Tuesday .
Botham dismissed Mike Gatting with his seventh ball when the former England captain pushed a half-volley to square-leg on the first day of the four-day match against Middlesex at Portsmouth .
Colleen Siegel
Sampras opens the defence of his U.S. Open crown against David Rikl of the Czech Republic , while top-ranked Graf begins her title defence against Yayuk Basuki of Indonesia .
which we expect at the beginning of next year , " Grabowksi said .
52 ; A. Cowan 5-68 ) .
NOTES - * over the coming four months ;
The commission was set up last year to probe 30 years of human-rights violations during the apartheid era .
The following articles are associated with the name Nimloth: The Host of Valinor, also known as the Host of the West, was a great force that crossed the Sea from Aman and defeated Morgoth in the War of Wrath, which ended the First Age
Banda , a vegetarian teetotaller believed to be 97 , walked unaided but supporting himself on a walking stick .
However, J.R.R. Tolkien never explained if the two languages were completely different, or if they had a common ancestor
America , however , is looking a little better , " he said .
ALMERE , Netherlands 1996-08-28
Younis 4-95 )
3 - Thomas Muster ( Austria ) beat Dirk Dier ( Germany ) 6-3 6-2 6-4
Anthony Hill ( Australia ) beat 8 - Mark Chaloner ( England ) 15-11
Later here was formed the inland Sea of Ringil
When the Easterlings came to claim their reward for aiding Morgoth in the Nírnaeth Arnoediad, they occupied Hithlum and captured its people as their slaves
A friend of Mankind, she also aided Húrins family by hosting Túrin in Doriath and later helped Beleg Cúthalion in his search for Túrin by giving him Lembas
" People who were expecting major coat-tails were somewhat disappointed , " said Scott Winkler , an analyst with Gartner Group .
Banisadr lives under round-the-clock security in France , fearing Tehran could make an attempt on his life .
Near Harad later formed an alliance or maybe even a coalition of some sort with the Corsairs of Umbar, and was involved in a series of continual battles with Gondor over South Gondor or Harondor, with Gondor claiming the river Harnen as its southern border and the Haradrim claiming the Poros as their northern border
They use the term Mathom for old and assorted objects, which are invariably given as presents many times over or were stored in a museum (Mathom-house)
Of Minas Morguls army in the late Third Age were mounted troops that rode out with the Witch-king of Angmar to lead Saurons armies to war
This he foolishly did, and as a punishment Númenor, the island of the Men of the West fell and only the Faithful escaped, founding the twin kingdoms of Gondor and Arnor
MONTREAL 70 59 .543 11
Should the Dragon have survived its attack upon Lake-town, then the Dark Lord would have used him to devastating effect against the Free Peoples in the North
The hall was located near the Carrock, in the Vales of Anduin between the Anduin and Mirkwood
The Death Down was where Men believed that the Huorns buried the Orcs that had fought in the Battle of the Hornburg
The House of Bëor was the oldest of the Three Houses of Men that had allied with the Elves in the First Age
Vasilopoulos ) 46.538
In Old English, Amrods name is Deormod "the Brave-hearted"
LONDON 1996-08-24
Though he loved his father as dearly as a son could, Fëanor was not fond of his stepmother Indis nor her children, and so lived apart from her and his half-siblings
He started to develop Taliska in the 1930s, but defined the features of the Edains languages shortly before the publication of "The Lord of the Rings"
Gondors King Narmacil II responded by assembling an army made up of his own people and his Northmen allies to oppose them
The dog attacked Louis Booy in the front garden of his grandparents ' house in Vanderbijlpark near Johannesburg on Tuesday .
Based on the map of the region, and its proximity to Harad, Khand was most likely a dry and barren land covered in desert
Quarter-final results in the Hong Kong Open on Friday ( prefix number denotes seeding ) : 1 - Jansher Khan ( Pakistan ) beat Mark Cairns ( England ) 15-10 15-6 15-7
England second innings ( overnight 74-0 )
In 2003, Lee Pace starred in the Sundance hit, "Soldiers Girl" (2003) (TV), a telefilm created for Showtime
Colombia was permitted to add a single additional round-trip flight to its current New York service , although it will not be able to do so while under Category Two ( Conditional ) status under the Federal Aviation Administration 's International Aviation Safety program .
Nogrod, then, was presumably founded by one of these two, and the rather scanty evidence marginally favours the Firebeards as its inhabitants
Unfortunately, it was Sarumans extensive knowledge of the Rings of Power that was one of the reason leading to his downfall, as he became enamored of the power of the rings, and particularly the One Ring
It was named after the oldest Ent, Fangorn (Treebeard)
After the Battle of the Pelennor Fields, the Army of the West marched to the Black Gate
Although Faramir and his men resisted stoutly and inflicted heavy casualties on the enemy forces, the Witch Kings army began to breach the wall, forcing Faramir to retreat with most of his remaining men, but was soon overtaken by Orcs and Southrons pouring onto the fields
Todd Woodbridge ( Australia ) beat Mark Philippoussis
" We are united and we are waiting for the government to decide what to do with us . "
Ithilien Rangers are elite archer units of the Men of the West faction in Electronic Arts ""
When the army arrived they were surprised at the fall of the city, and shocked by the death of Celebrimbor at the hands of Sauron
But of Men in that day the prophecy of Mandos doth not speak, and no Man it names, save Túrin only, and to him a place is given among the sons of the Valar." Battle
Because Fëanor had taken the ships and left the remaining Ñoldor in Aman, the royal houses of the Ñoldor were feuding
Later in First Age Ulmo ordered Turgon to leave in Vinyamar an armor with a shield which had "an emblem of a white swans wing"
They were named after and crafted of a crystalline substance named "silima," and contained some of the light from the Two Trees of Valinor themselves (made by Yavanna and Nienna, and named Telperion the Silver and Laurelin the Gold)
At least one of the unidentified hijackers was apparently armed with grenades and TNT and threatened to blow the plane up in Cyprus unless it was refuelled so they could fly to Britain to claim political asylum .
The PUK accuses the KDP of collaborating with Baghdad .
Though the Valar attempted pursuit, it was ultimately in vain, for the Unlight of Ungoliant completely obscured the sight of the pursuers
Azog leads the army out towards the Lonely Mountain, determined to fulfill his oath in the upcoming battle against Middle-earth
Walda was the twelfth King of Rohan
Extras ( lb-1 nb-8 ) 9
England-based goalkeeper Bruce Grobbelaar has been appointed temporary head coach of the Zimbabwe national soccer team for two international matches , the Zimbabwe Football Association ( ZIFA ) said on Thursday .
However, it is said that the word derives from Boabdil, the Spaniard name of Abu Abdillah Muhammad XII, the last Moorish ruler of Granada
BOGOTA , Colombia 1996-08-28
Language and grammar for Tolkien were a matter of aesthetics and euphony, and Quenya in particular were designed from "phonaesthetic" considerations; it was intended as an "Elvenlatin": phonologically based on Latin with ingredients from and Greek
The PLO wants Arab East Jerusalem as the capital of a future Palestinian state .
In Early Quenya the character is called "Évar" or "Eqar" that means "horse", with "Echos" being its Gnomish equivalent
"Aduial" - Eventide, twilight, Star-opening Sindarin, from the Quenya Undomë
The Ologs are capable of speech, with some speaking in broken sentences, others in complete sentences, and occasionally those who only speak in Black Speech
winners on the European Tour after Sunday 's German Open ( Britain
Bilbo learned that his nephew was on a quest to destroy the One Ring and offered to take the Ring to Mordor himself at the Council of Elrond
While trying to make their escape through the fires, Bard and his son managed to kill Smaug with the last Black Arrow and the dead body of the dragon fell in the boat, killing the Master, Braga and the guards, who were all crushed by Smaugs dead body
Mellyrn were similar to beech trees in that their bark was smooth and silver-grey, but their leaves, which were green above and silver beneath, were much larger and longer than those of beech trees and turned a clear gold in autumn
Wulfrun - like many goblins and Orcs - was taught how to wield dark sorcery by his master Agandaûr
Patrick Rafter ( Australia ) beat 11 - Alberto Berasategui
Police said an unknown number of hijackers were on board the Airbus 310 which was hijacked on its way from Khartoum to Amman in Jordan .
Berlin prosecutors said on Wednesday they had filed charges against two German men for sexually abusing children in Thailand and distributing pornographic films and pictures of their degrading acts .
The Lost Gold of the Rhine is the fourth episode of Olivier Simonnets documentary series "Looking for the Hobbit
Afterwards the two became estranged and begun living apart from each other
Pierre Belec
On March 11 TA 3019 the Wold is attacked from the north across the Limlight river, but by that Harding has already left with the main force to answer Théodens muster
"Menel" is the Sindarin word for the heavens
Supporting this viewpoint is the controversy between Fingolfin and Maedhros
Crebain were known to fly in large flocks resembling a huge black cloud and a big shadow cast below them
The giant Mûmakil were found in the jungles of Far Harad, where the Haradrim captured them for domestication
He also reportedly criticised Russian Foreign Minister Yevgeny Primakov , saying his style of work resembled that of the Soviet-era 1970s and 1980s .
In 2003, its sequel "The Return of the King" was released, based on the titular film
In the Shire, they were all killed along with their fellow villains the Ruffians in the Battle of Bywater and buried in the Battle Pit
Dagor was a sergeant in the army of Gondor from Minas Ithil
TheOneRing.net, licensed under The One Ring Inc., is a large, non-profit website related to "The Lord of the Rings" material which consists of the official Peter Jackson fan club
When darkness fell upon Aman, he spoke of the "lamentation of Vána" referring to her sadness over the loss of Laurelin
Freiburg 1 ( Zeyer 52nd ) Cologne 3 ( Gaissmayer 9th , Polster
The study and the teaching are not the only purposes behind the creation of the neo-languages
294 Satoshi Higashi ( Japan ) 75 72 74 73 , Scott McCarron 76 70
TENNIS - CHANG , WASHINGTON ADVANCE , TWO WOMEN 'S SEEDS FALL .
With Númenor reaching the apex of its might, the Kings Men eventually espoused open defiance of the Valar
Karol Kucera ( Slovakia ) beat Hicham Arazi ( Morocco ) 7-6 ( 7-4 )
The months of the Reckonings were in Quenya (or Sindarin among the Dúnedain) and were: Hobbit calendar
out , M. Dowman 107 ) v Surrey .
Entering the late Third Age, the Men of Gondor were accustomed to war and invasion, becoming a hardy and stern people more like to the other Men of Middle-earth
BERLIN 1996-08-28
The daily Iran on Thursday quoted Intelligence Minister Ali Fallahiyan as saying agents arrested 137 people for allegedly spying for Iraq , the United States and other unnamed countries in the Iranian year which ended on March 19 .
2. Juha Kankkunen ( Finland ) Toyota Celica 46 seconds behind
National League
They chose three ambassadors (Ingwë, Finwë, and Elwë) to offer the Elves the option of making the Great Journey
" We expect our cooperation will help both countries towards entering the European Union and NATO , " Kwasniewski said .
At the same time, the Stoors who had previously dwelt in the Angle between the Hoarwell and the Loudwater fled south-westwards because of the wars and dread of Angmar, and because the land and clime of eastern Eriador worsened and became unfriendly
First he sends Hwaldar, who defeated the initial attacks then Rogash and his T Troll Army arrived to destroy the vanguard of Cardolan
In the ensuing time, Faramir led several assaults with his Rangers deep within Mordor occupied Ithilien, ambushing enemy armies moving to the Black Gate; Frodo and Sam stumbled into one such attack"." While there were men defending the west side of Osgiliath, the Steward Denethor ordered Faramir to lead a force to reinforce them
In fact, "nazg" (the Black Speech word for "ring") is very similar to "naškad", the Valarin word of the same meaning
On November 10, 2994, however, Balin was killed by an Orc archer as he looked into Kheled-zâram
The groups have targeted specific projects like the Newbury bypass and the M3 motorway through Twyford Down in the southern county of Hampshire .
In turn, Sauron unleashes his army which marches towards the mountain under Azogs leadership
WIGAN , England 1996-08-31
Rogash easily breached their shield walls by jumping over the soldiers
It is probable that Broadbeams were one of the houses summoned
4. Kurt Betschart - Bruno Risi ( Switzerland ) 22
HONG KONG 1996-08-27
The girl was abducted from her school in Velten near Berlin on Monday .
The Elfstone was made by an Elf smith in Gondolin named Enerdhil, whose skill in jewel-craft was second only to that of Fëanor
The move came after Amman blamed Iraq and a pro-Baghdad local political party for last week 's worst unrest in seven years after a government decision to double prices of bread .
Israel 2 , Bulgaria 0 ( halftime 0-0 ) Scorers : Haim Hajaj ( 47th ) , Nir Sivilia ( 57th ) .
Colchester 4 0 3 1 2 4 3
Sindarin pronouns, like those in English, still maintain some case distinction
Thranduils twin swords are forged from a single piece of steel, hollowed out and decorated with cutouts and runes
JERUSALEM 1996-08-28
A European Union sale of 234,324 tonnes of German intervention barley is worth some $ 145 per tonne fob Germany and is mostly destined for Saudi Arabia , European grain sources said on Thursday .
3. Vladimir Dubrovshchik ( Belarus ) 64.02
He later became lord of the House of the Fountain
A U.S.-led air force in southern Turkey protects Iraqi Kurds from possible attacks by Baghdad troops .
At Colorado , Hal Morris and Eric Davis each homered and John Smiley scattered six hits over 6 2/3 innings as the Cincinnati Reds defeated the Colorado Rockies 4-3 , snapping a four-game losing streak .
Bayer Leverkusen 0 Fortuna Duesseldorf 1 ( Seeliger 47th ) .
These plants appear in the Roast Mutton and more frequently in the "Flies and Spiders" level in Mirkwood
Though just a dagger by standard of the Elves, Sting made a perfect short-sword for a Hobbit, although it was still rather small
Upon the lakes northern approach, the Men of Gondor constructed the huge pillars of the Argonath in the reign of Rómendacil II to mark the northern boundary of their realm, although by the time of the War of the Ring that boundary had long since receded
Along with Mayfiar at 277 for the tournament were Steve Stricker , who had a 68 , and Duffy Waldorf , with a 66 .
" The girls , Rachel and Severine , have been found .
It will be available in Austria and Switzerland later this year and in Scandanavia and the Benelux countries next year .
Hatoyama , the 49-year-old grandson of a 1950s prime minister , on Tuesday quit as Sakigake secretary general and has publicly snubbed the 62-year-old Takemura , pointedly ruling his mentor out as a possible member of the new political force .
Mikael Tillstrom ( Sweden ) beat 2 - Goran Ivanisevic ( Croatia )
This chapter tells of the Half-elf Eärendils voyage to Valinor to convince the Valar to help the Elves and Men in their war against Morgoth
The eagles cannot fly them too far on their journey because men will shoot at them, but they give the Company a place to rest for the night and bring back animals for the Dwarves to roast and eat the following morning
- Opposition leader Alfred Sant on steep rise in taxes over 10 years .
If convicted , he faces a maximum of three years in jail under Nepal 's child protection laws .
During the Ainulindalë as Melkor continued to create discord in opposition to the harmony of the Music of the Ainur, Eru arose in a chord of such might that it surpassed the heights of the Firmament
The hill stood above the western banks of the Anduin, and was one of three peaks at the southern end of the long lake Nen Hithoel above the Falls of Rauros, the other two hills being Amon Lhaw and Tol Brandir
MELBOURNE 1996-08-23
Wood , Loren Roberts , Steve Stricker , Brian Claar , Russ Cochran
Alongside its neighbor, Dale, a great prosperous city of Men and Esgaroth, prosperity became commonplace in the Dwarven realm
Britain gives aid to volcano-hit Caribbean island .
Boston 's Roger Clemens ( 7-11 ) was one out away from his second straight shutout when pinch-hitter Matt Stairs tripled over the head of centre fielder Lee Tinsley on an 0-2 pitch and pinch-hitter Terry Steinbach dunked a broken-bat single into right to lift Oakland into a 1-1 tie .
Khmer Rouge 's Ieng Sary confirms break with Pol Pot .
They levied heavy tribute from them and returned to Númenor with ships filled with spoil
A. Ranatunga lbw b Fleming 0
In the Angle, they were intermingled with both the Fallohides and the Harfoots in a series of settlements known as the Forgotten Villages
Cricket - NZ face tough schedule at home and abroad .
2. Patricia Djate ( France ) 4:02.26
Unlike his Haradrim soldiers, whose weapons were of haphazard assortment, some faulty, or mottled together from pieces of other weapons, Suladân reserved for himself the finest armour, bows and poison darts, and used them with the deadly efficiency expected of a Leader of the Sandy Regions
When Will went to Bag End to protest, he was seized by the Ruffians and locked up
Softbank Corp said on Friday that it would procure $ 900 million through the foreign exchange market by September 5 as part of its acquisition of U.S. firm , Kingston Technology Co .
Tal-Elmar was the seventeenth and youngest son of Hazad Longbeard
(Note that the Great East Road was also referred to as the Great Road.) The Great Lake was a large lake located in Arda during the time of the Two Lamps in the Spring of Arda
Hador (or "hadron") is a Quenya word which means "thrower of spears or darts"
When the Númenóreans started to colonize Middle-earths shores, their language started to mingle with tongues of the so-called Middle Men
A. Stewart b Mushtaq Ahmed 46
Business info USA 382 61 362 41
After this scene, when the flood ended, it was during this time that shooting became focused on the battle of Amon Hen
The aftermath of the First Easterling War left the Easterlings defeated, and unable to make war on Gondor for over 700 years
On March 23 the Army exited Ithilien and along the way some 1,000 faint-hearted men who would not approach the Black Gate were dismissed and commanded to liberate Cair Andros
Thus, a magic bridge was cast between the island and the promontory of Rôs, in front of which it was anchored
1-6 6-3
LAGOS 1996-05-28
In the same interview , published by Prensa Latina on Saturday , Puig was asked if he feared death . "
The name Argeleb is a Sindarin word which means "Silver King" or "Royal Silver", from the words "ar" ("royal, high") and "celeb" or later "geleb" ("silver")
The Dwarves, Elves, and Men met and were about to do battle when Gandalf arrived and alerted them to the host of goblins
Bohdan Ulihrach ( Czech Republic ) beat 14 - Alberto Costa ( Spain ) 2-6 6-4 7-6 ( 7-2 ) 3-6 6-1
Sanchez Vicario , runner-up to Graf at the French Open and Wimbledon , begins play against a qualifier in a quarter of the draw that includes young talent Martina Hingis , the 16th seed , before a probable quarter-final clash with seventh-seeded veteran Jana Novotna .
In the Dagor Bragollach and Nírnaeth Arnoediad, they and their master won crushing victories against the free peoples
Rwanda says Zaire expels 28 Rwandan refugees .
An Iranian exile group based in Iraq vowed on Thursday to extend support to Iran 's Kurdish rebels after they were attacked by Iranian troops deep inside Iraq last month .
Háma, the loyal captain of the Kings guard, was also at the capital
3. Isel Lopez ( Cuba ) 65.10
State : OH
Two people were killed and six were injured after a helicopter crashed in bad weather in northern Cambodia , a government minister said on Wednesday .
BONN 1996-08-22
Eämbar was a ship that was built by Tar-Aldarion to live on that also held the main base of the Guild of Venturers
AL-RAM , West Bank 1996-08-30
-- William Schomberg , Brasilia newsroom 55-61-2230358
The orb in his staff is seen to glow white whilst he attacks the Nazgûl, showing his power and magical skill
Jackson , the only man to have run faster , could not live with his speed , taking second in 13.24 seconds .
Alexander Lebed may finally get to discuss his Chechen peace proposals with Boris Yeltsin on Tuesday after a lost weekend in the region when he was forced to abandon plans to sign a new political treaty with the separatist rebels .
Rakow Czestochowa 7 2 1 4 6 10 7
Bilbo saw a boat on the other side, leading the Dwarves to retrieve it
Australian Prime Minister John Howard said the possibility of lower interest rates was being jeopardised by Parliament 's upper house where opposition parties planned to scrutinise the 1996/97 budget .
Nearly 400 members of an outlawed student group were arrested after violent protests demanding reunification with communist North Korea were crushed by riot police at a Seoul university this month .
HONG KONG 11,424.64 - 54.13 11,594.99 10,204.87
During the Great Journey some groups of the Teleri lingered behind in Middle-earth and never reached Aman, so for this reason they were called Úmanyar and along with the Avari they were considered Moriquendi, the "Elves of Darkness"
5. Judith Arndt ( Germany ) 11
After a day of haste, the Mordor Orcs tire and demand a break, and Uglúk orders that the troop rests by Fangorn Forest
The chapter deals with Morgoths (Melkors) return to Middle-earth, the departure of the Ñoldor from Aman, the Oath of Fëanor and his sons, the Kinslaying at Alqualondë, the Doom of Mandos, the burning of the ships at Losgar, and the crossing of the Helcaraxë
While there he had enchanted all the gold (a nod back to the black songs and curses he made on the gold as wards while he was the Captain of the dragons guard)
The House of Eorl was the family of Men descended from Eorl the Young that ruled Rohan
" NationsBank just strolled into the Midwest and bagged the biggest banking trophy in the landscape , " said Michael Ancell , banking industry analyst at Edward D. Jones & Co . "
The California Avocado Commission -- which has spearheaded the opposition to lifting the ban -- said new data the group submitted to the Agriculture Department last spring shows the department underestimated the pest problem in Mexico and have urged that the agency reopen its study of the issue .
The Gladden Fields were a marshland located in the vale of the Gladden river, and on the banks of the river Anduin
Wilson created "Umoria", a modified version in the C programming language for Unix computers
England beat Pakistan by 107 runs in the second one-day international at Edgbaston on Saturday to take the series 2-0 .
It was said that Voronwë sailed west with Eärendil in Vingilot
Letter 53 is the ffity-third letter written by J.R.R. Tolkien and published in "The Letters of J.R.R. Tolkien"
The different races of Men that had served Sauron suffered grievously; much of Harads fighting men were annihilated on the Pelennor Fields, slaughtered by the swords of Gondor and the lances of Rohan or drowning in the Anduin river
COLOMBO 1996-08-28
Pakistan second innings
While the Dwarves with Thorin sorted the treasure, Thorin sought only the Arkenstone, unaware that Bilbo was hiding it in his pillow
The kingdom of Cardolan was ravaged by the forces of Angmar who entered its northern borders uncontested by the crippled army of Arthedain, and its people fled into hiding on the ancient Barrow-downs, or Tyrn Gorthad in Sindarin
Due to Celegorm and Curufins deeds, Thingol and Orodreth would lend no aid to Maedhros as he sought to unite Elves, Dwarves, and Men in what was called the Union of Maedhros
Tunbridge Wells : Nottinghamshire 40-3 v Kent
" We oppose the way the government is proceeding with the sale , " Ramon Machuca , Sidor trade union Secretary General and member of union-based opposition party Radical Cause , told reporters .
Vingilot (Quenya; IPA: ), or Vingilótë or Wingilótë ), was the ship in which Eärendil and Elwing sailed to Aman in order to seek pardon and assistance from the Valar
N'DJAMENA 1996-08-29
Honegger (born 1965 in , Switzerland) is a linguist, and Tolkien scholar who has compiled most publications of the Cormarë Series by Walking Tree Publishers
third and final test between England and Pakistan at The Oval on
After noting that the sky was now covered in complete darkness, Faramir sent his company south to reinforce the garrison at Osgiliath while he and three of his men rode to Minas Tirith directly
The Lossoth were the men of the Forodwaith
Faroe Islands - Jan Allan Mueller ( 60th minute )
33. Romania 8.02
UEFA came down heavily on Belgian club Standard Liege on Friday for " disgraceful behaviour " in an Intertoto final match against Karlsruhe of Germany .
Turkey 's Kurd rebels kill two , take three hostage .
Passengers who had paid $ 1,500 and up to accompany the recovery expedition on two cruise ships had returned back to port on Thursday , Purcell said .
And third, Tolkien suggests that fairy stories (can) provide moral or emotional consolation, through their happy ending, which he terms a "eucatastrophe"
Alba ( Germany ) 75 Red Star ( Yugoslavia ) 70 ( 42-41 )
P. Strang b M. Waugh 9
The San Jose , Calif. , company was up 2-1/8 at 11-3/8 after its announcement Wednesday that it planned to pull out of the highly competitive modem-chip business and focus instead on the fast-growing market for computer networking equipment .
In this conception, Oromëan and the languages of the Elves was contrasted with Aulëan, the phylum of the Dwarves
JAKARTA 1996-08-26
GROZNY , Russia 1996-08-23
Stefan Raichev told a news conference the strike by more than half of the 1,380 traffic controllers and technicians would paralyse traffic which has increased by 10 percent since last year .
1= Igor Trandenkov ( Russia ) 5.86
Perceiving that several Harfoots had followed the Stranger, thinking to rescue him, the Dweller shapeshifted into the Strangers likeness, drawing the Harfoots into a trap
LUANDA 1996-08-23
Gandalf was one of the wisest and most knowledgeable beings in Middle-earth, believed by Galadriel to be more worthy than Saruman in leading the White Council, though he was less mighty in magic, until his resurrection
After the themes of Ilúvatar and the proclamation of Eä, Eru set all the firstborn of Elves and Men in places of the world that even the Valar could not find
The first element "el" may mean "star", in Sindarin or Quenya
When she died, her people raised a green mound for her in the heights of the forest, that became known as the "Ladybarrow"
When Gárulf was killed in battle, the horse served Éomer and his éored
Lorraine Ashbourne (born April 10, 1961) is an English actress
Dáin I was a Dwarf and a King of Durins Folk in the Third Age
But the visitors responded to the setback immediately -- veteran striker Ashley Mocude scoring a minute later to give them a two-goal aggregate lead .
Then, with the aid of a force from Gondor, the Rohirrim eventually drove the Dunlendings back across the River Isen, blockading Isengard into surrender
Manwë, chief of the Valar, thus called upon Ilúvatar, who opened a massive chasm in the sea between Númenor and Aman that swallowed the Great Armament of Ar-Pharazôn
Elrond also read the runes on Orcrist and Glamdring, thus identifying them
Beck allowed a two-run double to Alvaro Espinoza , who collected a career-high four RBI , but struck out Brent Mayne for his 31st save .
Other names given to the land include the Rohirric name Dwimordene (from "dwimor" "phantom", an allusion to the perceived magic of the Elves), and the Westron name The Golden Wood
In the second year of his reign a federation of Easterlings called the Wainriders began to raid the East-lands of Gondor
After a sterile first half , France injected more sting in midfield with the introduction of Juventus 's Zinedine Zidane .
Indeed, shortly afterwards the Witch-king marshalled an army out of Minas Morgul, led by Gothmog
"Anna" - Sindarin word for Gift
At Portsmouth : Middlesex beat Hampshire by 188 runs .
His belt was of gold and garnets, and rich with gold was the helm upon his bony head face downward on the floor
In Sindarin, "Aranarth" means "Noble King", from "aran" ("king") and "arth" ("noble, exalted")
The Yellow Mountains were an ancient mountain range located in the south-east of Endor (Middle-earth) between the ancient Sea of Ringil and the ancient East Sea
It was Medvedev 's sixth victory in a row after winning his first tournament of the year last week at the Hamlet Cup .
Prime Minister Costas Simitis will make an official announcement after a cabinet meeting later on Thursday , said Skandalidis .
With their fifth straight win , the Dodgers moved a half-game ahead of the Expos at the top of the wild card hunt behind Nomo ( 13-10 ) , who allowed six hits and walked four with six strikeouts .
PKK guerrillas would accompany the soldiers , captured last spring in one of Turkey 's frequent cross-border drives , until they could be handed over , he said .
Brian McRae singled in Tyler Houston in the top of the ninth inning to snap a tie as the Chicago Cubs avoided a three-game sweep with 3-2 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Sunday .
The peoples of Enedwaith were distantly related to the Haladin of old (the Second House of the Edain)
Orr said she never had to telephone .
However, the incident sparked a nagging worry in Tolkiens mind, as he recorded in his journal: In Appendix F of "The Lord of the Rings", Tolkien states that the Westron form of Sams name is Banazîr Galbasi ("also spelled Galpsi")
Ondoher and his eldest son Artamir led the main army close to the Black Gate, where they clashed with the Wainriders
Durins Axe was a great heirloom of the Dwarves of Durins Folk
There, he begged the Valar to pardon and aid the overmatched peoples of Middle-earth
RTRS - Australia Senate jeopardises rate cut - Howard .
" We want to pop some air out of this balloon of tension that has been blown up around September 15 , " Cimicchi said .
Adûnaic was derived from Bëorian and Hadorian tongues, collectively called Taliska of the Atani
She was the third child of Finwë and Indis and their second daughter
Aragorn later arrived at the hour of need with an army from southern Gondor, which he had released by defeating the Corsairs of Umbar, turning the tide of battle in favor of the Free Peoples
The letter was signed by some 200 area residents and indigenous leaders .
Further, some have speculated that Gandalf said "flame of Anor" in reference to the fact that he wielded one of the Three Rings of Power, Narya
The Battle of the Plains (in TA 1856) was fought by Gondor and the Northmen against the Wainriders; King Narmacil II of Gondor and the Northman Marhari (a descendant of Vidugavia) were both killed in this battle. Tolkien does not, however, call Marhari "king", nor is there any direct evidence that the kingdom had survived to this point
Chris Boardman ( Britain ) 4:15.006 beat Alexei Markov ( Russia ) 4:23.029
It burnt and killed Beechbone and made the other Ents double their effort to tear down the place
Celebrimbor proposes to Gil-galad his intention to forge a crown, of mithril and another alloys, that holds an essence of Middle-earth, but Gil-galad rejects it, believing there is not enough time before the Elves die
NEW YORK 1996-08-30
The High Elves called Doriath the "Land of the Cave", from the Ñoldorin "gath" or "gatta" ("cavern") Garthúrian was name ascribed to the land of Doriath in earlier versions of the accounts of the First Age (specifically in "The War of the Jewels")"." The Vanyar (Q.: "Fair Ones"), singular Vanya, also known as the Fair-elves or Light-elves, were the first and smallest of Three Kindreds of the Eldar
SOCCER - THREE PULL OUT OF DUTCH SQUAD FOR BRAZIL .
" We are still eager that nothing should affect the Sudanese people but we will not deal with the current regime or the Turabi front or whatever , " Mubarak told a group of academics .
Eventually, Haleth led her people to the relative safety of the Forest of Brethil on the western border of Doriath where they settled for the duration of the First Age
Brunswijk , 35 , denied the charge and reached an agreement with Pinas after replacing a golden necklace lost in the scuffle .
In total, it took 11 months, one week, and six days for the One Ring to be destroyed
Government officials had no immediate comment .
Puglisi was shot as she knelt praying by the tomb of her young husband , who was himself killed last year in a Mafia ambush .
Thus, the Mayor managed the Messenger Service and the Watch
MONTREAL 69 58 .543 11
In San Diego , Joey Hamilton allowed two hits over seven innings and Rickey Henderson hit his major league-record 69th leadoff homer as the San Diego Padres defeated the Philadelphia Phillies 7-1 for their fifth win in six games .
Barcelona 's Hristo Stoichkov made his only significant contribution of the evening 10 minutes after halftime when Sergi Barjuan broke down the right to set up the fiery Bulgarian with a simple equaliser .
Jeremy Lovell
1706 - French troops under Duke of Orleans besieging Turin were defeated by the Austrians under Prince Eugene , the French army was destroyed and they ceased trying to capture northern Italy .
Nenya first appears in the final episode of , when Celebrimbor creates the Three after receiving aid from Sauron in disguise as "Halbrand"
-- Dmitry Solovyov , Moscow Newsroom , +7095 941 8520
Defenders - Frank de Boer ( Ajax ) , John Veldman ( Ajax ) , Jaap Stam ( PSV ) , Arthur Numan ( PSV ) , Michael Reiziger ( AC Milan ) , Johan de Kock ( Schalke ' 04 ) .
Stoke 2 2 0 0 4 2 6
Later, Common Eldarin split into Ancient Quenya and Ancient Telerin, because the Teleri lingered behind while the Vanyar and Ñoldor quickly reached the shores of the Belegaer
It is unclear just what the fate of the Elves of Middle-earth was in the early Fourth Age and how long Círdan or his remaining folk dwelled at the Havens and continued to build the great ships that carried the Elves to the Blessed Realm
-- Nicholas Shaxson , London newsroom +44 171 542 8167
" She is doing well , " hospital spokeswoman Carol Norris said . "
The sadness and the shock from the loss of their island home always remained in the hearts of the Númenóreans and their descendants and was commemorated, in Gondor at least, by the Standing Silence
Balin fought in and survived the subsequent Battle of Five Armies, which was fought against Orcs led by Bolg, after tensions with the Lake-men and Wood-elves had run high, due to a disagreement about the division of Smaugs treasure
He is extremely skilled with the spear and has remarkable Spirit Powers, allowing him to do some serious character and enemy stat manipulations
The Nethermost Hall was best known for being the place where Beren and Lúthien confronted Morgoth when he lost one of the Silmarils to Beren
The fledgling company , established in a ground-floor office here over the last two weeks , has received venture financing from Bessemer Venture Partners of Menlo Park , Calif ..
He is known to have constructed his first languages at a little over thirteen years of age, and he continued to ponder upon his creations up until his death more than sixty-five years later
59th-pen , Moeller 73rd , Heinrich 90th ) .
During the War of the Last Alliance, Sauron had many Mordor-orcs reinforce the Orcs of the Misty Mountains in ambushing the army of Gil-galad and Elendil as it marched through the passes
Following the dragons demise, Bofur participated in and survived the Battle of Five Armies, receiving his fourteenth share of the treasure as agreed upon. Later life
Araman is a Quenya word that meant Outside Aman
Merimac was born in TA 2942 (SR 1342) in Buckland to Rorimac Brandybuck and Menegilda Goold
Trevor Holland , a 52 year-old with who has been convicted twice of gross indecency with children , was captured after being spotted in Worthing , a town on England 's southern coast .
Illinois tops were seen matching Monday 's at $ 59.00 with tops in Indiana at $ 57.50 .
" The biggest thing was my fastball , I was able to rotate it pretty good , " Foster said . "
3. Goulnara Fatkoullina ( Russia ) 16
Adar, hearing the sudden onset of Númenórean cavalry coming to Tirharads aid, gave the hilt to his new servant Waldreg, created a decoy to keep
Stewart Ginn ( Australia ) , Corey Pavin , Craig Stadler , Mark
Madison final ( 50 kms )
It was located a short distance east of the town
Russia - Yuri Nikiforov ( 18th minute ) , Vladislav Rodimov
The soldiers of Minas Tirith used the tactic "defend and retreat", which required the Men of Gondor to defend each level shortly, before retreating deeper into their burning citadel
His arrows truly may they hit their mark [sic]." Nori was a Dwarf of Durins Folk
Pakistan win series 2-0
WELLINGTON 1996-08-22
Thus, all the first kindred of the Elves took part in the Great Journey
NORTHAMPTON , England 1996-08-28
201 Stephen Ames ( Trinidad ) 68 65 68 , Roger Chapman 72 62 67 ,
The Entmoot Decides is the thirty-eighth soundtrack of the Complete Recordings of ""
In , Frodo Baggins and Samwise Gamgee encounter Faramir and his Rangers in Ithilien
In Vinnytsya :
" I extend the deepest gratitude ... to your excellency for your untiring and invaluable friendship and support , " Ramos told Suharto in a letter .
Their internal strife allows the army of Gondor to advance into the Black Land, by which point the various "Masters of Mordor" realize the threat and seek to unite their forces
-- Doreen Siow 65-8703092
He convinced a large company of smiths from Nogrod to attempt to remake the Nauglamír to incorporate the Silmaril, which they succeed in doing
"Rohirrim" (or more properly "Rochirrim") is Sindarin for "Horse-lords," and "Rohan" (or "Rochand") meant "Land of the Horse-lords." Behind the scenes
BONN 1996-08-24
J.R.R. Tolkien does not describe the Variags closely in any published work
No person who was not a Dwarf was permitted to learn any of its words, for it was guarded jealously
The set also includes a catapult
Chris Zuleeg , a veteran of Apple and a former JavaSoft marketing manager , is vice president of marketing at Internet Startup , whose Web site is www.internetstartup.com .
Mohammed Saleh , director of the Egyptian Museum , told Reuters television a U.S. team found the pots , some of which contain human intestines , in a tomb built into the rocks while digging in Dahshour , a village 40 km ( 25 miles ) south of Cairo .
8. Maarten den Bakker ( Netherlands ) TVM 1:33
Mordors geography was excellent for defense against enemies attacking on all fronts, for nearly un-scalable mountains defended Mordor on three sides, while the broken, jagged land of Gorgoroth and Núrn would greatly impede any army that managed to break through
In later life, Denethor secretly used a palantír to probe Saurons strength, using it at the top of the White Tower in a secret chamber above the Throne room
Crissaegrim is Sindarin for "cleft mountain peaks", but in Tolkiens stories the place is usually referred to as Cirith Thoronath, the "Eagles Cleft", or "Abode of Eagles" because the peaks were inaccessible from the ground
Unwin, instead asked Tolkien to write a sequel to "The Hobbit", which became his significant novel "The Lord of the Rings"
MADRID 1996-08-28
-- Lehman analyst Blake Bath started Southern New England Telecommunciations Corp with an outperform rating , his office said .
It tells of Saurons search for the One Ring after learning of its survival through the errant Gollum caught wandering in Mordor in TA 3017
It mainly states that Tom draws his power from the willows itself, and with Sauron gone, he can set his plans into motion, whatever they may be
Rita Grande ( Italy ) beat Tina Krizan ( Slovenia ) 6-2 6-0
Narsil was the sword of High King Elendil of the Dúnedain
The blade is inscribed with Tengwar runes in Sindarin that say "Aen estar Hadhafang i chathol hen, thand arod dan i thang an i arwen.", which translates to "This blade is called Hadhafang, a noble defense against the enemy throng for a noble lady." (In Sindarin "Arwen" actually means "noble (or royal) woman")
But this time, he was unable to retrieve all of them as many of them were lost and his attention was more focused on claiming the Rings of Power and his One Ring
The following Montana tax-exempt municipal bond indices were compiled by Piper Jaffray Inc for the week ending August 30 .
The fall of Boromir and the breaking of the Fellowship occurred soon afterwards
1. Ujpest TE 3 3 - - 10 2 9
Nevertheless, while depleted, his army was still large enough that the Orcs hiding in secret in the Misty Mountains did not dare attack them
The other part of the name Malach, Aradan, was a Sindarin word that meant kings man
As Bard declares that he is tired and ready to go home to see his son and daughters (who are worried about him), Percy observes the papers, stamps them, and comments the same, but before he allows him to pass, Alfrid Lickspittle, the Masters second-in-command, steps in and is suspicious of Bard as he is not licensed to bring in shipments of fish from Mirkwood
" In July , average weekly hours and average hourly earnings declined , more than offsetting the effect of an increase in employment , " Commerce said .
Genevieve Aitken is a New Zealand stuntwoman and actress who performed stunts for Peter Jacksons "The Hobbit" trilogy
CRICKET - ENGLAND V PAKISTAN FINAL TEST SCOREBOARD .
He recorded the most recent undertakings of Frodo and Sam: Going through Sarn Gebir, descending the bluff, taming Gollum, crossing the Dead Marshes, and touching base at the principle doors
The Sindarin word Edhil corresponds to the word Eldar, and refers to the Elves who embarked on the Great Journey
With Elronds permission, Haldir rallied a force of four hundred Elves of Lothlórien to join him, and together they marched to Helms Deep bearing the banners of their Lady Galadriel, arriving just ahead of Sarumans approaching Uruk-hai army
"Tol Harndor" is Quenya for Southland Island, referring to Australia
His father was Hundad, and his grandfather was Hundar
But Fëanor emphatically stated that he would not give up his Silmarils of his own free will, and proclaimed that if the Valar forced him to do so that they would be no better than Melkor
Umbar was a Mannish realm to the far south of Gondor in Middle-earth, where the descendants of the Kings Men lived, by the Third Age known for its sea-faring Corsairs
Russian Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin said on Friday that President Boris Yeltsin , who is vacationing outside Moscow , had backed security chief Alexander Lebed 's peace plan for Chechnya , Interfax news agency said .
The Shire was an exception to this, and though it lay within the Reunited Kingdom, Aragorn made a law that Men should not enter it, a law that he observed himself
Eventually, another hobbit named Samwise Gamgee joins Frodo in the journey
Elendil used Narsil in the War of the Last Alliance and, in combat with Sauron was killed and Narsil broken
Bilbo stays on the mountain, removed from the fighting, and watches as the Elves and Dwarves first send the goblins fleeing but then are forced to retreat from the vicious Wargs
MANILA 1996-08-28
S. Jayasuriya c Healy b Fleming 44
Eoh was the son of Heden, and married Éadgifu, with whom he had a son, Ælfwine/Eriol, who inherited a love for the Sea
However, Smaug survives the scalding gold and erupts from the molten pool, roaring that he will show the Dwarves what revenge really is
The lost group of Nandor Elves who followed Lenwë during the Great Journey reappeared in Beleriand calling themselves the Laiquendi, and settled in Ossiriand
7. Ozers 8
These are the leading stories in the Beirut press on Monday .
Finally much of the western side of northern Blue Mountains under a major change, as the formerly lazier and cowardly Dourhands that just let the place fall into rot, wouldnt get their own food (and couldnt be bothered to hold back invading goblins), handful on allied with the goblins
There is nothing to indicate why J.R.R. Tolkien felt that the piece should stand alone
Banisadr , who received political asylum in France after fleeing there in 1981 , told Der Spiegel he did not plan to ask for a guarantee of safe conduct .
In Tolkiens Sindarin language, Orc is "orch", plural "yrch"
In Colorado , Mark Thompson threw an eight-hitter for his third complete game and Ellis Burks homered and drove in three runs as the Colorado Rockies beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 9-3 .
In earlier versions, the Adûnaic name for Elros was Indilzar Azrabelo, and later changed to Gimilzôr
When others found him, he was still alive and awake, but they did nothing to help him, out of fear of what would happen if they interfered with her food
ANKARA 1996-08-27
Creating languages was a major early pastime of Tolkiens, ever since his years as a youth
The curse did its deed leading men to kill each other, Elves to kill each other, men killing elves, and Dwarves killing elves
In "", Gandalf the White is a playable character and is able to use his abilities to send bolts of energy towards enemies, bring his staff down knocking enemies off their feet, and create a magical shield to temporarily protect himself from enemy damage
Beren was the nineteenth Ruling Steward of Gondor
WASHINGTON 1996-08-31
During that time, the Rangers fought minor battles and skirmishes against Orcs and wolves in order to keep the scattered peoples of their former realm safe
Kuchma has said Kiev wants membership of the European Union , associate membership of the Western European Union defence grouping and to move closer to NATO .
He was due to head to the Bosnian town of Banja Luka on Friday to meet Bosnian Serb acting president Biljana Plavsic and Bosnian Serb opposition leaders .
Evelyn Leopold
Thus, some of the Hill-men where recruited by Sauron during his war against the Free Folk of Middle-earth
Médhor served as a soldier alongside Arondir in keeping watch over the settlement of Tirharad in the land in other times known as Mordor
The remaining Eldar passed north of the immense forests that covered all of Eriador, along the route of the later Great East Road that ran through Arnor
No closures of airports due to bad weather are expected in the Commonwealth of Independent States on August 28 and August 29 , the Russian Weather Service said on Tuesday .
The King of the Dead stepped forward, broke and discarded his spear; he bowed to Aragorn, and with the Army vanished at last from the world
In Zvornik , we think the situation is winding down as well , " NATO spokesman Lieutenant Colonel Max Marriner told Reuters .
HOUSTON 70 62 .530 -
216 Miguel Angel Martin ( Spain ) 75 70 71 , Costantino Rocca
ARA gas oil barges were quiet although one trader said he had seen offers at $ 1 a tonne over September IPE for prompt barrels , while Antwerp material was available for 0-50 cents over September .
The Great Gulf was created after the destruction of the Two Lamps by Melkor and in the following war, when the Valar widened the great sea Belegaer
Sakai , near the regional commercial centre of Osaka , has been hit hardest by the deadly bacteria , with nearly 6,500 , mostly schoolchildren , affected by the disease .
Dol Guldur (or Mordor itself) sent a huge army of Orcs, Haradrim, and Trolls to assault the Lonely Mountain, the greatest Kingdom of the Dwarves
Isengard, also known as Angrenost (Iron Fortress) in Sindarin, was one of the three major fortresses of Gondor, and held within it one of the realms palantíri
In Early Quenya he was called "Nornorë", "Nornoros", "Vastor" or also "Kapalimor"
She was born a Grubb and was the sister of Laura Grubb
Gondor, at a latitude comparable to , was a more fertile region than Arnor to the north, and therefore it already had a larger population before the ships of Elendils sons arrived, including a well-established city, Pelargir
Canadian dollar 639.55 639.38
It appears when the Uruk-hai army charges and after King Théoden says, "so it begins"
This was best shown when he was willing to kill Grima Wormtongue and an army of Uruk-hai when they interfered with his campaign against the Shire, despite being allies
" We 're always concerned about aflatoxin but we 're on top of it , " Glickman told reporters after addressing a USDA-sponsored farmers ' market .
As of Monday , 31 children were still hospitalised in Sakai city , of whom six were in serious condition .
The Times newspaper said Diana was not named in the divorce petition heard by a court in Surrey , southern England .
Amid uncertainty over Halbrands willingness to go, Míriel is challenged by those in Númenor who oppose the action, namely Pharazôns son Kemen, who burns two of the five ships set apart for the voyage
Elmar was a woman of the "Fell Folk of the East", perhaps a group of Northmen of Rhovanion
She in turn gave the ring to her son Valandil, first Lord of Andúnië
Hong Kong jails 88-year-old drug trafficker .
2002: The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring (video game)
Broncho Stonecrow was a Shirriff of the Shire who appeared as a henchman of Saruman in "The Return of the King", during the last days of the War of the Ring when the Shire had been overrun
The Redmond , Wash.-based company spent tens of millions of dollars promoting the product with stunts that included buying the entire print run of the Times of London and lighting New York 's Empire State building in a Windows color scheme .
The American Stock Exchange index was down 1.66 points at 559.68 , and was off 1.26 for the week .
Bourlet said the investigation into the vehicle theft ring would be added to the inquiry into the paedophile sex scandal in which five other people have already been arrested .
Isildur picks up the sword to fight Sauron himself, but Sauron knocks aside Isildurs attacks and stomps on the blade, shattering it into several pieces
The $ 378,000 first place check brings Mickelson back to the top of the money list with $ 1,574,799 won this year .
Haldir, or Ordhelm, was a Ñoldorin Elf in earlier versions of J.R.R. Tolkiens legendarium
LONDON 1996-08-28
Detective Richard Black of the Chesapeake Police Department , said a neighbour , Curtis Lee White II , 19 , was arrested in the attack , but had not been charged by late morning on Friday .
4. Gideon Chirchir ( Kenya ) 8:15.69
Baker made the March 1995 trip on the explicit understanding that it remain a secret , but after his speech at the GOP convention , Israel 's outgoing ambassador Itamar Rabinovich told a reporter about it , the Post said .
Nyva Vinnytsya ( Ukraine ) 1 Tallinna Sadam ( Estonia ) 0 ( 0-0 )
" There 's too much nearby wheat coming into the market so we 're backing off the basis to slow it down , " a Montana dealer said .
6. Yelena Gulyayeva ( Russia ) 1.88
MANAGUA , Nicaragua 1996-08-27
Sam proved himself to be Frodos closest and most dependable companion, the most loyal of the Fellowship of the Ring, and played a critical role in protecting Frodo and destroying the One Ring
Konpolis 75 1/9 Mideast / Indonesia W112.5 KPC .
At the end of the Third Age, it was believed the area was still populated by tribes of the Drúedain and other hostile men
BAGHDAD 1996-08-31
Despite the rescue, Eryn remained suspicious of Talion, believing he was likely to capture or execute her husband for his desertion at the Black Gate
In TA 3018, just before Frodo Baggins left Bag End, he, Meriadoc Brandybuck, Peregrin Took, Fredegar Bolger, and Folco Boffin drank the very last of the Old Winyards in a farewell feast
In "The Lord of the Rings" (1978), Uglúk is voiced by an unnamed extra
In the games and , Azkâr was the bow of Celebrimbor
These words come back to haunt Thorin in the , when Thorin finally sees that he has succumbed to his grandfathers sickness, before casting off his crown and rallying the Company to join the other factions in fighting against Azogs army
He also admitted kidnapping two other girls , An Marchal and Eefje Lambrecks , a year ago .
" I got a lot of first serves in , " said Enqvist about his victory over Korda . "
Bruno , for years one of Britain 's most popular sportsmen , had hoped to have another shot at the world title and had been in training until a routine eye test on Monday highlighted a problem with his right eye .
Two of Hadors children, Galdor and Glóredhel, were wedded to two of the children of Halmir, Chieftain of the Haladin, respectively Hareth, his daughter, and Haldir, his son of the House of Haleth, when the two peoples met for a great feast
Melkor created trolls before the First Age
Eriol tells stories of interest to the Elves including the fairies of Wóden, Þunor, Tíw, etc
The Taiwan dollar closed slightly firmer on Thursday amid tight Taiwan dollar liquidity in the banking system , and dealers said the rate was likely to move narrowly in the near term .
Another theme which grew out of Tolkiens participation in the battle was the struggles of ordinary peoples in extraordinary situations and that the smallest of people can make big contributions and differences
An Iraqi Kurdish guerrilla group on Saturday accused Iraqi government forces of killing two civilians in shelling in northern Iraq , the Iranian news agency IRNA reported .
Before the War of the Ring, the region was home to Dwarves of the Dourhands and Durins Folk but also some Elves who where still residing in the ruins of the ancient settlement known as Refuge of Edhelion
At the sound of the bells, Braga and the guards left the prison (leaving Bard trapped in his cell) and ran to the Masters headquarters and escaped in a boat with a large quantity of gold
295 Stewart Ginn ( Australia ) 73 72 77 73
It is unknown how the Orc army crossed the River Anduin, though the North Undeep seems the most likely place to ford
Scorers : Juan Castro ( 3rd minute ) , Enrique Centeno ( 33rd and
RALLYING - MAKINEN STEPS UP TITLE BID WITH LAKES WIN .
" The voices coming out of Damascus are bad , not good .
Soccer - Manchester United face Juventus in Europe .
ATHLETICS - HARRISON , EDWARDS TO MEET IN SARAJEVO .
Some internal services were cancelled , leaving tourists at the Victoria Falls resort stranded , and flights abroad were delayed .
Three Russian servicemen were killed on Saturday when unidentified gunmen attacked guards at an anti-aircraft installation outside Moscow , Interfax news agency said .
Brown threw 119 pitches and won for the third time in as many starts against the Reds this season .
Being mostly of Númenórean stock and ruled by exiled Númenórean overlords, the Men of Gondor continued most of the customs and traditions of Númenór
Guadalajara 3 2 1 0 7 0 7
Gothenburg go through 4-1 on aggregate .
Carlos Moya ( Spain ) beat Scott Humphries ( U.S. ) 6-1 6-7 ( 3-7 ) 6-7 ( 1-7 ) 6-0 6-4
" The PUK leadership who pledged to end fighting and cooperate with the latest U.S. initiative started a major military offensive against KDP positions , " the KDP said in a statement .
The Ulumúri were made for him by his Maia friend and servant Salmar, and they were wrought of white shells
The startup company 's acting chairman is Jim Bidzos , the president of RSA Data Security , a unit of Security Dynamics Technologies Inc. as well as chairman of VeriSign .
Galvorn was the shining black metal devised by master craftsman Eöl
- Top dealers in the London office of U.S. bankers Merrill Lynch are transferring to Dublin .
The name Ossiriand means "Land of the Seven Rivers", from the Quenya "otso" ("seven"), Sindarin "sîr" ("river"), and " -ian(d)", which is commonly used in the names of regions or countries
He added that the OSCE was the only international body which has been allowed into the Chechnya to monitor the human rights situation there , but that its means were restricted by the fact that the conflict was a " internal issue " .
Refusing to go quietly in the night , Stefan Edberg extended his stay at his 14th and last U.S. Open when Bernd Karbacher , trailing and hurting , quit in the fourth set of their second-round match Friday .
The sword slew many orcs in its time, especially Uruks of Isengard, and earned a strong reputation as a sword of Rohan
" They did a good job this year , but they need good diesel and good engine oil , " said Ivan Odnosum . "
Later, as he watches one of the caged Wargs devouring fresh flesh, Adar is informed by Grugzûk that the hilt of the sword they seek is in the watchtower
" We have found Nicole on a campsite in Groningen thanks to tipoffs from the Dutch public .
Like the other Mearas, Shadowfax was a grey/silver , and could understand the speech of Men
- Continued criticism of law violation incidents -- which occurred in the Mount Lebanon elections last Sunday .
The Ñoldorin Host gathered, though the greater part followed Fingolfin, trusting his wisdom over Fëanors arrogance
Canada 's Jacques Villeneuve finished second in his Williams
By utilizing her healing powers, Idrial can quickly become the partys healer
HAVANA 1996-08-31
Travellers arriving in Egypt say militants and police officers clash regularly in Benghazi .
Quite soon Tolkien finally settled on the Mannish identity of Trotter, from the beginning introducing him as a "descendant of the ancient men of the North, and one of Elronds household", as well as the name Aragorn
Vrath was an Orc of the Second Age who served under Magrots command, taking part in Adars campaign in the Southlands
He is due back in Berlin on September 5 to continue his testimony , which has backed up German prosecutors ' allegations that Tehran ordered the attack on the exiled leaders .
The German government urged Israelis and Palestinians on Friday to avoid any course of action that might jeopardise the peace process in the Middle East .
As they soon arrive at the Ettenmoors, they are swiftly attacked by Orcs and mountain-trolls
The plan was for Maedhross host, the slightly greater of the two, to march openly across Anfauglith and draw out the main army of Angband, after which Fingons host would attack from the Ered Wethrin and crush the armies of Morgoth between the two forces
Ferenc Horvath ( 15th )
Klinsmann said he believed Germany could win in France with the same nucleus of players which won the European championship in England this summer .
He then deduces that Thorin intends to enter the mountain and reclaim the treasure
LA CORUNA , Spain 1996-08-31
NEW YORK AT LOS ANGELES
" I do n't see that possibility because India is not entering into any arms race , " he said . "
For over a millennium, the Orcs were only a minor problem, but when Melkor (Morgoth) returned with the Silmarils he took full charge of them and soon unleashed them on Beleriand
"Cirith Ninniach" is Sindarin for Rainbow cleft or Rainbow pass Imrazôr was a Prince of Belfalas in Gondor
Gil-galad attempts to make Elrond reveal the existence of mithril in Khazad-dûm, which he believes can undo the corruption and impending doom it brings for Elves, though Elrond refuses because of his oath to Durin
Bulgarian air traffic controllers will go on strike on September 3 demanding higher pay , the chief of the Bulgarian association of air traffic controllers ( Bulatka ) said on Monday .
Three Dutch players have pulled out of the squad for Saturday 's friendly international soccer match against Brazil in Amsterdam .
Andúnië he took and made it to his chief harbour of his ships but he did not dismiss him from his council or in any other way molest him
The five ships carrying Elendils sons landed further south, where Anárion founded the city of Minas Anor in Anórien, and his son Isildur founded Minas Ithil in Ithilien
+7 Paul Stankowski through 15
After impatiently and anxiously waiting, she finally gives in and declares that the rest of the women should fight and defend their home as well
The Girdle also protected Doriath from the dark influence and prying eyes of Morgoth, similar to the way Galadriel used Nenya to protect Lothlórien from Sauron
When around other races, the Dwarves seldom spoke in Khuzdul
A consortium of press distributor Hachette and Polish publishers group UWP are seeking more than than 50 percent of Ruch and French President Jacques Chirac is likely to support its case when he visits Poland in September , the daily said .
The Men of Dale led by Brand and the Dwarves of the Lonely Mountain led by Dáin II Ironfoot fought side by side for three days in the Battle of Dale
Joseph Kneipp ( Australia ) beat Ahmed Faizy ( Egypt ) 15-8 12-15
When the first host split again in two groups, the Lesser Folk and the Greater Folk, their languages started to diverge, but they continued to remain in kinship
Also, it is speculated that the Avari were the first other sentient race encountered by the race of Men during their infancy and they probably taught them many of the basic crafts of civilization
When entering a vast clearing in front of a necropolis, the Army of the Dead appears and surrounds them until Aragorn threatens them with a reforged Narsil, holding them to their oaths
Wall Street on Sept .
Durin IV was the descendant of the previous three kings to be named Durin, and like them was considered by many to be the reincarnation of Durin I, resembling him greatly in manner and appearance
pakistan
Although the Men of Dale fielded warriors against the monster they could not prevent him from killing or scattering the Dwarves and then occupying the Lonely Mountain
"Tinco - metal" "Tuilë" - Quenya word for "spring" "thalias" - Bravery "Thalin" - Dauntless "Thang" - Oppression "Thangail" - Sindarin for a sort of shield-fence
Chester-le-Street : Glamorgan 259 and 207 ( A. Dale 69 , H. Morris 69 ; D. Blenkiron 4-43 ) , Durham 114 ( S. Watkin 4-28 ) and 81-3 .
Gethron and his friend Grithnir were young men during the time of Hador but by the time of Túrins youth, he and Grithnir were now older but valiant
While most of the Elves lived in the woods the kings halls served as his palace and treasure vault, and was also a fortress for the Elves in times of danger
The Dow Chemical Co of the United States will invest $ 4 billion to build an ethylene plant in Tianjin city in northern China , the China Daily said on Saturday .
Other than Tom, Bert, and William, several trolls in armor are seen in the Siege of Gondor in "The Return of the King", as melee fighters and as operators of the battering ram Grond
Elrond tells them that the trolls might have plundered the swords
Though the land of Dunland is not directly shown in Peter Jacksons films, many Dunlendings are depicted in
Lukashenko , 41 , won presidential polls in 1994 on promises to restore order , fight corruption and repair the strong links with Russia that were disrupted by the collapse of the Soviet Union .
P. Strang 9-0-41-1 , Flower 6-0-28-0 , Whittall 10-0-53-3 ( 1nb ) ,
The two relics which had been housed in Annúminas survived the city: The palantír was taken to Fornost with the citys abandonment, but was ultimately drowned with Arvedui in the cold northern seas. The silver Sceptre of Annúminas was also removed to Fornost by the Kings, but was eventually retained by Elrond in Rivendell who kept it until an heir claimed it
Cargûl is Sindarin for red sorcery
After the founding of the Realms in Exile, Arnor and Gondor, many Middle Men became subjects of the Dúnedain, and eventually intermarried with them until they became one people
Israel 's previous government held the same position but in general turned a blind eye to Palestinian Authority activity in the city .
Hove : Sussex 285-6 ( W. Athey 111 ) v Lancashire
Professor David McLeod , who examined Bruno , told the Sun : " There is a risk he could be blinded in the eye if he steps into the ring again .
2. Norberto Tellez ( Cuba ) 1:44.58
64 Bob Estes
Wealthy Parma , now coached by the former Italian international Carlo Ancelotti , were without new striker Enrico Chiesa and went down 3-1 at serie B club Pescara in their second round clash .
An explosion at Repsol 's Puertollano refinery , which killed four workers , had not affected output of oil products , an official said .
In the film, the previously dead tree is shown to be flowering again during the Siege of Gondor and the imminent arrival of Aragorn on the Black Ships
5 - Gabriela Sabatini ( Argentina ) beat Asa Carlsson ( Sweden )
Andúnë - sunset, west "Anga "- Quenya word for Iron
Under male tutelage ladies can rapidly be taught and handle male thoughts, however infrequently can go further when they have stopped to take an individual enthusiasm for the instructing male. Tolkien cautioned that while the male may even now be getting a charge out of the honeyed words of sensitivity prepared with a titillation of sex the female frequently experiences passionate feelings, which may deliver enduring if things turn out badly
In "", it is suggested that the Men of Gondor used prison labour to build the watch towers of Narchost and Carchost
" They were pretty much in line with our estimate of 1.210 billion , " said Peter Roe , at Paribas in London . "
A group of farmers in Huize county in the southwestern province of Yunnan were arrested for blending alcohol with methanol and selling the toxic liquor to local residents , the agency said .
One of the great monarchs who presided over a period of English assertion in Europe in politics and the arts .
Nogrod was a Sindarin word that meant hollow-bold
Melkor’s music, on the other hand, is said to have been "loud, and vain, and endlessly repeated [...] and it essayed to drown the other music by the violence of its voice … " (Ibid.)
But Lebed , who has no real power without his boss and has hinted at dark forces in Moscow working against him , appears to think a deal will not stick without strong backing from Yeltsin .
A similar principle was used by the High Kings of the Ñoldorin Elves, with whom the Edain of Númenor had had extensive dealings
They read: "Quick Post" was a fast-delivery mail and message system in the Shire, more than likely a branch of the Messenger Service
The silima was the unknown material which Fëanor used along with the light of the Two Trees of Valinor to create the Silmarils
The formal signing of the peace agreement is scheduled on Monday in Manila .
It quoted an Interior Ministry statement as saying Shabir Ahmad Muhammad Jalil was executed in Mecca .
They are the eldest and noblest of the speaking races of Middle-earth
After Sauron and Celebrimbor were trapped in the form of a flaming eye and the Witch-king was defeated by Talion, the sisters took advantage of their masters weakened states by attempting to take Mordor for themselves
New Zealand - 15 - Christian Cullen ( Alama Ieremia , 70 ) , 14 - Jeff Wilson , 13 - Walter Little , 12 - Frank Bunce , 11 - Glen Osborne ; 10 - Andrew Mehrtens , 9 - Justin Marshall ; 8 - Zinzan Brooke , 7 - Josh Kronfeld , 6 - Michael Jones ( Glenn Taylor , 53 ) , 5 - Robin Brooke , 4 - Ian Jones , 3 - Olo Brown , 2 - Sean Fitzpatrick ( captain ) , 1 - Craig Dowd .
She later encourages Elrond to re-forge the sword, and presumably to deliver it to Aragorn
The Army of the Dead is summonable in all "The Battle for Middle-earth" games, as the most expensive Power for Gondor and Rohan in the first game
The Men of Middle-earth were mostly enslaved to the Dark Lords will and many worshipped him as a god
Martin Damm ( Czech Republic ) beat Michael Joyce ( U.S. ) 5-7
The warg chieftain was ordering the other wargs around when Gandalf picked up a pinecone, and with his magic set it ablaze in a green fire
Unlike in the novels, the corrupted Wizard is a more committed and fawning vassal of the Dark Lord, although his instructions regarding the Ring-bearer still suggest his desire to claim the One Ring for his own if possible
Ijaz Ahmed c Stewart b Mullally 61
Ilúvatar willed that the spirits/hearts of Men are not content within Arda, and find no rest therein, and therefore seek beyond the world and its confines
Because Aeglos, his great spear, was wielded two-handed, it is likely that the shield was carried only to the field of battle rather onto it, to be left with one of Gil-galads attendants
How can we then expect the reintegration of Bosnia ?
The Two Trees of Valinor, also known as the Trees of the Valar or simply the Two Trees, were Laurelin (the Gold Tree) and Telperion (the Silver Tree), which brought light into the Land of the Valar in ancient times
4 - Conchita Martinez ( Spain ) beat Ruxandra Dragomir ( Romania ) 6-2 6-0
BRASILIA 1996-08-22
Before the Downfall of Númenor, the region that would become Gondor was home to many Númenórean colonists, who either mingled with the indigenous Middle Men if they were friendly, or dispersed them into Ras Morthil, Dunland, and Drúadan Forest
U.N. oficials have said Ekeus would hold talks with Iraqi Deputy Prime Minister Tareq Aziz and other officials as part of an agreement Iraq reached with the United Nations in June to hold higher level political talks with Ekeus .
Another name in Quenya was Andórë (Abarzâyan, Amatthânê, Athânâte, Yôzâyan or Zen’nabâr in Adûnaic), meaning "Land of Gift", because the island was gifted to the Edain by the Valar
BASEBALL - SORRENTO HITS SLAM AS SEATTLE ROUTS ORIOLES .
The Taiwan dollar fell in early trade on month-end U.S. dollar demand , but the downtrend was later reversed as Taiwan dollar liquidity tightened . "
Chicago Cardinal Joseph Bernardin , head of the second-largest U.S. Roman Catholic archdiocese , said on Friday his doctors had diagnosed him as having liver cancer and he had a year or less to live .
A year later , the Vatican announced she was stepping down as Superior of her Missionaries of Charity order .
CRICKET - PAKISTAN 229-1 V ENGLAND - close .
He was the orders chief and the head of the White Council that opposed the Enemy
Eventually he discovered the source and stopped it, however he failed to prevent the resurrection of Skorgrim, the ancient King of the Dourhands
23. Portugal 8.12
Fowler 's predecessor Raymond Mabus returned to the United States in May .
Chile - Marcelo Salas ( 80th )
He was slain in the battle, while fighting against the traitors
Magnus Larsson ( Sweden ) vs. Alexander Volkov ( Russia )
During the battle, Thorin was mortally injured, and the titles of King under the Mountain and King of Durins Folk passed to Dáin
He had two other siblings: Yávien and Oromendil
Bilateral relations and the Middle East peace process would be on the table during the visit , Akbel said .
The Silmarils were lost "unless the World be broken and re-made", but each one found its home in one of the elements: sky, water, and earth
4. Teutenberg 4 seconds
Dragons, Trolls, Men, Orcs, and Dwarves of Middle-earth all had penchants for accumulating treasure
The mercy of this act amazed the captives, who had been told by Saruman that the Men of Rohan were cruel and burned their captives alive
Later, when Bard told his son Bain to hide the Black Arrow to use it later when the dragon arrives, Alfrid helps the guards by tripping Bard, and with the assistance of the Master knocking him unconscious with a wooden plank, they then lock him away in the prison
CALIFORNIA AT BALTIMORE
The name Belecthor means "Mighty eagle", from the Sindarin "beleg" ("mighty") and "thor(on)" ("eagle")
In the Extended Edition of "", this large albino troll is seen smashing through both Elf and Dwarven lines, until it is hijacked by Bofur, and manipulated to fight against trolls and Orcs (unwittingly) on the way to Ravenhill, where it is ultimately killed by Legolas
202 Greg Turner ( New Zealand ) 70 67 65 , Heinz-Peter Thul
You can download the game from http://t-o-m-e.net, it comes as C source code, and you can usually find Windows and Mac ports
Olga Boshova ( Moldova ) 1.85
LONDON 1996-08-24
Many Men fell in these battles on both sides, and for a long time after the Elves had scorn for the Men of the Houses who supported Morgoth
9. Lance Armstrong ( U.S. ) Motorola 9
3. Philip Kibitok ( Kenya ) 1:46.09
In Middle-earth, they were known by other names of Sindarin origin; for example they called Varda Elbereth
Asked whether this meant the commander was out of control , Garang said the rebel movement was working on the problem .
Only Russia has chosen to do so .
As time passed, it came to his attention that Sauron, the Lord of Mordor, was expanding his power throughout Middle-earth and was being called the Lord of Men
GENEVA 1996-08-26
Former prime minister Begum Khaleda Zia , now the opposition leader in parliament and head of the Bangladesh Nationalist Party ( BNP ) , said her followers might boycott assemby sessions chaired by the " partisan " speaker .
In "The Making of Appendix A" in "The Peoples of Middle-earth", Christopher Tolkien describes how his name had once been Dirhoel instead of Dírhael
COLORADO 70 65 .519 5
They were once again defeated by Aragorn, and the Army of the Dead
Later when the Númenórean mariners began building a fleet of ships to explore the world, it had become the custom for female relatives of the mariners to place a bough of it on the prows of their ships
Brussels received 5.6 cm ( 2.24 inches ) of water in the past 24 hours -- compared to an average 7.4 cm ( 2.96 inches ) per month -- but in several communes in the south of the country up to 8 cm ( 3.2 inches ) fell , the Royal Meteorological Institute ( RMT ) said .
Unbeknownst to Sam, Gollum had followed in his tracks, and attacked him from behind
"The Lord of the Rings" has also influenced the creation of various video games, including "The Legend of Zelda", "Baldurs Gate", "Everquest", "The Elder Scrolls", "Neverwinter Nights", and the "Warcraft" series, as well as video games set in Middle-earth itself
9. Stephane Ortelli ( France ) / Bob Wollek ( France ) / Franz Konrad
Ostoher was a Quenya word that meant fortress-lord
LONDON 1996-08-25
This jewel was probably inspired by a jewel that Arwen gives to Frodo after the destruction of the One Ring
6. Sunday Bada ( Nigeria ) 45.21
Primrose was born into the Boffin family and was the fourth child and only daughter of Otto and Lavender Grubb
After Scathas demise, peace came to the land, save for a dispute over his stolen treasure
When Túrin left Doriath, Beleg received permission from Thingol to follow him into exile and bring him the kings pardon, wielding the black sword Anglachel that Eöl had forged and given to Thingol in tribute
HELSINKI 1996-08-29
Annael forbid this and Tuor obeyed
Hamilton 3 1 1 1 3 2 4
Edberg lost his own serve twice , but he rallied for three breaks of his own , the last to wrap up the set .
The entire game is divided into several playable categories
NEW YORK 59 70 .457 22
It gives J.R.R. Tolkiens earliest account of the flight of the Ñoldor Elves from Valinor in the First Age
Police said the seven men , who freed all their hostages after the plane landed at Stansted airport on Tuesday and then appealed for asylum , would appear in court on Saturday .
IRVINE , Calif. 1996-08-29
Sometime thereafter, evil men related to the Dunlendings drove the Drúedain out
The Dream-chaser is one of the ships given to the players heroes by Círdan to search for the Island of Númenor at the request of Lord Calphon
A British minister expressed his government 's official disquiet on Thursday at the recent death of a British citizen of Bangladeshi origin at Dhaka airport .
-- Paris newsroom +331 4221 5452
Snakha was one of the Mordor Orcs in service of Sauron
Midfielders - Mario Basler , Marco Bode , Dieter Eilts , Steffen Freund , Thomas Haessler , Andreas Moeller , Mehmet Scholl , Thomas Strunz , Jens Todt , Christian Ziege
Palestinian Information Ministry Director-General Mutawakel Taha denied that ministry officials forced anyone to sign any undertaking and insisted that the Palestinian Authority has no plans to censor books .
Xhelili said Paul Thompson , 34 , from Wiltshire , was arrested on Sunday in a hotel in the Adriatic resort of Durres , 45 km ( 30 miles ) west of Tirana .
The Troll army came separated from the main army and destroyed the Northwestern parts of the city
During the battle, Thorin emerged from the mountain and rallied Dwarves, Elves, and Men to the attack, but he was mortally wounded
England striker Alan Shearer gave Kevin Keegan 's talent-laden side the lead from the penalty spot after 13 minutes after Wednesday 's Yugoslav Dejan Stefanovic pulled down Colombian forward Faustino Asprilla .
Huor was an Adan and a hero of Men during the First Age
Samper -- who weathered a year-old crisis stemming from charges he financed his 1994 election campaign with drug money -- appeared less than enthusiastic , however .
Emyn Arnen is Sindarin for hills of the royal water
There are two additional, invented members of his family, Sigrid and Tilda, who are his sisters
Jansher , bidding for an eighth Hong Kong Open title , plays second-seeded Australian Rodney Eyles in the final .
After the death of Finwë and the theft of the Silmarils by Melkor, Fëanor and his seven sons swore an oath and went into exile
The refugees are willing to take their chances against the prejudice and outward hostility directed against them from the Men and Dwarves of those lands, but none of them would speak in detail about what exactly had happened in Rhûn, other than it is impossible for them to go back
A tribe of Harfoots passed through on their annual migration in the Second Age
V. Kambli run out 18
RTRS - Golf : Norman sacks his coach after disappointing season .
Muenster / Osnabrueck 382 up 28.2
"Ennor "- Sindarin word for Middle-earth
Among the Elves, the Ñoldor were famed for their swords
At Worcester : Warwickshire 310 ( A. Giles 83 , T. Munton 54 not
There he was meant to remain, imprisoned, until the Dagor Dagorath
With the arrival of the Númenóreans, the army besieging Rivendell was caught between the forces of Gil-galad and Elrond and destroyed
But once the 27-year-old Stich got on the court , he focused his energies on trying to win the year 's last Grand Slam .
Its assets, however, were purchased the following year by a different firm, and as of 2016 is held by Guild Companions Publications
The word withy means" willow (common element in English place-names) and windle meaning spindle or reel" and is supposed to be translated from Hobbitish
Ukraine 's black soil is so fertile that a diplomat described it as " rich enough to grow rubber boots " .
After the War of the Ring, Sam planted the nut in the Shire, in the Party Field where the Party Tree had stood
Wilyador is an Eagle ally created by Fantasy Flight games for the ""
Wulfrun confronts the heroes telling them no one can help Radagast, or themselves
At last the Prince arrived to the Barrow Downs at the same time that the Witch-king with the main army arrived
They heard Shadowfax, and ran to greet him
Her older brother was Merimas and her younger sister was Melilot
To explain, Gil-galad has Elrond recount the "Song of the Roots of Hithaeglir", which describes the supposed origin of mithril, and shows him a black sickness that has begun to infect the trees of Lindon
1. Martens 30 points
( Croatia ) 3 ( 0-0 )
3. McEwen same time
During theSiege of Minas Tirith, Gandalf assembles a large group of Gondorians to defend the first level as the gate is broken by Grond
His son (whose name is unknown) became the sixteenth Lord of Andúnië, and had a son Númendil who became the seventeenth Lord of Andúnië
" We have a peace treaty with them and we let them go wherever they want when they come to Jordan , " said the tourist , Khaled Hijazi , 37 . "
"Vairë" was a Quenya word that meant weaver
NEW YORK 1996-08-22
Oval on Friday :
Italian comics hope independence-joke 's on Bossi .
In the "" video game, Pippins basic speed attack is by far the strongest in the game
NEW YORK 1996-08-28
Matta is the Hobbitish term for a personal name
CALGARY 1996-08-23
" That 's an important question we used to ask a lot , " said O'Neal . "
Scotland : Andrew Goram , Craig Burley , Thomas Boyd , Colin Calderwood , Colin Hendry , Thomas McKinley , Duncan Ferguson , Stuart McCall , Alistair McCoist ( Gordon Durie 75th ) , Gary McAllister , John Collins .
5. Wales 8.54
" There has been a call for a general strike between one ( 1000 GMT ) and three o'clock , " Palestinian lawmaker Ahmed Hashem Zighayer told Reuters .
Graham Watts , chief executive of the Construction Industry Council , said : " I do n't think many firms involved in tendering for sensitive projects realise the impact environmental activity has on the cost of running a project .
147 Antoine Lebouc ( France ) 74 73 , Paul Curry 76 71 , Andrew
Factory orders rose in July and manufacturing surged in the Midwest in August , reports said Friday , sparking worries about inflation that battered financial markets for a second straight day .
After Númenors downfall, which transpired as a punishment for their king Ar-Pharazôns acts against the Valar, Darkness continued to compel Men to follow it, and in various regions they served Sauron, up until his defeat in the War of the Ring
BONN 1996-08-28
After he introduces himself, he mocks Aragorn and warns him that he is "hopelessly outnumbered", however Aragorn rebuffs him with no help from Gandalf
Elendil takes Galadriel and Halbrand back to Armenelos, capital of Númenor, and brings the two before Queen-regent Míriel
The shards of Gurthang were buried with Túrin beneath Stone of the Hapless
Because the Teleri outnumber the Vanyar and Ñoldor, Telerin was the most widespread language of Aman
It is possible that the name Beregond means "Bold Stone", from the Sindarin words "beren" ("bold") and "gond" ("stone")
It was said in the "Fall of Gondolin" that Maeglins company bore axes so he may not have wielded Anguirel in the battle
The name of the holiday in Rohan is not known but it was most likely similar to "Yule." Fredegar "Fatty" Bolger was one of the small group of Hobbits who knew that Frodo Baggins had the One Ring
The Children of Ilúvatar were Elves and Men (Quendi and Atani), the two earthly races created by Eru Ilúvatar, the supreme being of the universe
He was repelled by the Men of Númenor
Ballanger , 25 , will be aiming to complete a track double when she defends her 500 metres time trial title on Saturday .
To the delegates of Wisconsin , a leading dairy state , Gore had the right audience in poking fun at Dole 's comparison to addiction to tobacco to those who ca n't tolerate milk .
England have been given a final chance to remain in the Five Nations ' championship despite striking an exclusive television deal with Rupert Murdoch 's Sky television .
Later his daughter, Arwen, used Hadhafang when she aided Frodo in his escape from the Ringwraiths
Compared to the other two languages descended from Ancient Telerin, Sindarin and Nandorin, the Telerin spoken by the Falmari was more conservative and closer to Quenya
Miruvor was a reviving cordial made by the Elves
TUNIS 1996-08-22
Canada is fast-tracking immigration applications from Chinese dissidents in Hong Kong before the British colony reverts to China 's control next year , the Vancouver Sun reported on Wednesday .
In the 1980 animated film "The Return of the King", during Aragons Coronation precession, there is a minor character that is seen on a horse next to Éowyn, it is speculate that this character is Faramir as the couple exchange an affectionate look and are later seen riding out together behind Aragorn
Nalkhera n.a Yellow - -
Austrian television said the coach , which was carrying 45 , was en route from the Czech Republic to Italy when the accident occurred near Steinberg , 200 km southwest of Vienna .
In early accounts the name of the Green-Elves was Danians, from the name of their first leader Dan (later changed in "Denweg")
Her epessë Faelivrin means "Gleam of the Sun on the Pools of Ivrin" from the Sindarin fael ("gleam, brilliance")
9. Andersson 1:34
Since very little is known of the languages spoken by the Avari, it can be difficult to distinguish between the linguistic features developed secondly in Common Eldarin and the original features of Primitive Quendian
Though Frodo had already left for Bree by the time the Nine arrived, they were soon given information regarding Frodos whereabouts by Bill Ferny, a spy of Saruman
Dean Palmer hit his 30th homer for the Rangers .
The Valar concentrated this light into two large lamps, Illuin and Ormal
During the day long fight, thousands were slaughtered at the hands of these orcs, the battle only being won when Thorin Oakenshield killed Azog at the precipice of Ravenhill, thus cutting off the commanding head of the Orc army
Parnevik tied the 18-hole record set by Loren Roberts in 1994 at the Brown Deer Park Golf Course and also equalled Saturday by Greg Kraft .
Brown 's 56 not out , containing eight fours and three sixes , lifted Surrey to 128 for four on a rain-curtailed day .
" As the nation 's leader in welfare reform , Wisconsin is far ahead of the curve and ready to go under this new system , " Thompson said .
Former Colorado Democratic Gov .
- Turkish foreign minister says Turkey will take part in the Baghdad trade fair that will be held in November .
WASHINGTON 1996-08-24
She led an attack on the Rohan settlement of Upbourn, where her men assassinated the towns captain, Wulfhelm
The Witch-king – as his title suggests – was also a feared sorcerer, having powers over the physical world, breaking Frodos first magical sword with just a gesture of his hand and holding the Hobbit stuck in place, unable to even move his tongue, and later weakening the Gates of Minas Tirith, allowing Grond to break them
We have signed a peace treaty with the Israelis but on the ground , we see that nothing has changed , " said 20-year-old Ali Ahmed from Qalandia refugee camp .
Many Silvan Elves were also killed alongside Oropher, and so were many Elves and Men
" ( Chamorro ) is in good health and , according to her doctors , will be able to return to Nicaragua next week , " it said .
A spokesman said he could substantially confirm a report in the news weekly Der Spiegel , which said Iranian secret police burst in while attache Jens Gust was entertaining six Iranian writers and their wives .
Gandalf states in that the Gundabad Wargs are faster than any other breed
1860 - Giuseppe Garibaldi leading his " Red Shirts " seized Naples in the Italian war of liberation against the Austrians .
Hyarnustar is a Quenya word that meant Southwestlands
Scorer : Vladimir Makovsky ( 35th )
Finally, it is presumed that Sindarin also once had what we could call an "archaic spirantal mutation" (also sometimes called "liquid mutation" by scholars)
Captured by Sauron, the elf was then tortured as punishment, such as witnessing his family tortured and killed in front of him, before finally being beaten to death with his own Mithril hammer by Sauron
BUDAPEST 1996-08-27
Noranda aluminum , U.S. Midwest ( effective date:August 1 , 1996 )
The First Eastfarthing Troop was a group of Shiriffs formed during Sharkeys rule over the Shire during the War of the Ring
ATHLETICS - MITCHELL UPSTAGES TRIO OF OLYMPIC SPRINT CHAMPIONS .
Variable clouds in southern India with showers .
2. Isaac Viciosa ( Spain ) 3:33.00
"Dúnadan, Dúnedain "- Sindarin for Man-of-the-West
8 .Giuseppe Citterio ( Italy ) Aki
Adrian Warner
After the War of Wrath, Maglor and his last surviving brother Maedhros stole the two remaining Silmarils taken by the Valar from Morgoth, even though initially Maglor tried to dissuade his older brother from doing this
Soon after, a great army of Black Númenóreans arrive to eliminate the intruders, but the Witch-king and his troll army easily overcome them
When Ondoher and his two sons were killed in battle with the Wainriders four years later, Arvedui claimed the now vacant throne of Gondor, by virtue of his descent from Isildur and secondarily in right of his wife
Gelion was a Sindarin word of unspecified meaning
He was, however, the only one of Fëanors sons to not participate in the burning of the Teleri ships, and he advocated for ships and oarsmen to return to Aman to ferry Fingolfins host
That night, three evil Mystics pass by the Harfoots camp in pursuit of the Stranger, and Elanor shouts in attempting to keep them from finding his trail, though the Dweller sets their carts afire
Magali Faure ( France ) beat Kathrin Freitag ( Germany ) two
-- Wellington newsroom 64 4 473-4746
She was a close relative of Poppy Proudfellow
Henke , who called his round a " pleasant surprise , " finished with six birdies on the final eight holes .
Saudi Arabia beheads convicted drug smugglers , rapists , murderers and other criminals .
After the War of the Last Alliance, most of the Ñoldor and many Sindar departed for Valinor, and Lindon became depopulated, now ruled by Gil-galads lieutenant, the Telerin Elf Círdan the Shipwright, who kept building ships for the departing Elves
When later Men arrived in Beleriand, they were also refused entry, but at Finrods request Thingol gave his permission for the People of Haleth to dwell in Brethil, they then allied themselves with Doriath and aided in its defense
He evoked images of the kingdoms his people could build in Middle-earth, and the glory that could be theirs once they regained the Silmarils
The Army of the West then reached the Black Gate, and Aragorn along with Gandalf, Éomer, Imrahil, Pippin, Legolas and Gimli rode up to it and called for Sauron to come forth
However, the Elves and Men began to fight the Dwarves, who appeared to have the upper hand until three Were-worms dug through the ground, as the Forces of Dol Guldur emerged
In Old English, Gúthwinë means "Battle-friend"
When asked about the course of action they would take to transport the rest of the exiles, Fëanor ordered the burning of the ships
In (2012), Thorins Company buries a chest of treasure taken from the trolls hoard in the ground of their cave in the Trollshaws
Vaduz won 4-2 on penalties .
Subsequently they are intuitively monogamous while men are definitely not
The city of Minas Tirith is seen briefly in when Gandalf rides to the city to do research on the One Ring
The ships of the Faithful were spared, and a great wind from the west sent them to the shores of Middle-earth
CAIRO 1996-08-22
Since then, the name of the Serpent Lord has once more become a famous one throughout Harad, and grows further still with each victory
Among the descendants of the Haladin were the Drúedain, the Lossoth of Forochel and the so-called Hill-men
Singapore hangs Thai drug trafficker .
Nigeria is under fire from many Western countries for human rights abuses and lack of democracy .
-- Anthony Barker +48 22 653 9700
8. Bruno Eichmann ( Germany ) / Gerd Ruch ( Germany ) / Ralf Kelleners
The new kings of Dale and Erebor (Bard II and Thorin III Stonehelm), broke the siege and chased the Easterlings out of Dale
The merger will add to both companies ' historical leadership in infusion therapy and technology-based drug delivery devices , they said .
SYDNEY 1996-08-22
During the War of the Ring, Peregrin Took, a companion of Aragorns in the "Fellowship of the Ring", became a member of the elite Guard of the Citadel at Minas Tirith, capital of Gondor
In "", Saruman is able destroy silver lego objects and can be found near Rivendell
Fangorn Forest was actually just the easternmost survivor of the immense forest that spanned all of Eriador and Calenardhon in the First Age and early Second Age, but which was destroyed by the Númenóreans felling trees to build their mighty ships and Saurons war on the Elves
On May 13, 2021, it was announced that Brändström would be the third and final director of the first season of Amazon Studios TV series , alongside J.A
LONDON 1996-08-27
Later, Curufin and his brothers fought in the Dagor-nuin-Giliath but lost their father Fëanor in a subsequent ambush
TRIPOLI 1996-08-30
The project was greenlit, according to Leyou Technologies, "in light of the resurgence of interest in The Lord of the Rings IP." The game was planned for release on both PC and console
"Onodrim" - Sindarin name for the Ents; singular "Onod"
Shumer said his current position was that the peace process must continue .
Mogru was a Man, once the town-master of Agar
One characteristic that set them apart from typical men was their longevity
Galadriel bore Nenya on a ship from the Grey Havens into the West, accompanied by the other two Elven Rings and their bearers
Seeking refuge in the ruined city of Dale, the place which was ruled by Bards ancestor Lord Girion, the Net Mender served in Bards army and helped Thranduils army to claim some of the treasure that was kept in the mountain
The demons flames then seemed to die, but its shadow increased before attacking with its flaming sword, which melted into red-hot liquid metal when it met Gandalfs own sword, Glamdring
You 've got to have a rule for everybody and I do n't think it 's feasible . "
J. Gillespie st Kaluwitharana b Chandana 6
18. Ricardo Rosset ( Brazil ) Arrows 1:56.286
Red scimitars were among their weapons
Mogru was a "fat man with eyes like a lizard"
LONDON 1996-08-29
Battle Mountain are set to take out the minorities there soon , " said a Sydney broker .
Far East Gold - Moribund market seen continuing .
"Forodrim" is Sindarin for "People of the North"
They also saw an army of Easterlings enter the gate
Kahliel is a hero of the Haradrim created by Fantasy Flight games for the ""
He was believed to be suffering from laryngitis and said he had to go house-hunting with actress girlfriend Patsy Kensit .
They were first seen by the Dwarves who reported them to Thingol, King of Doriath, causing the latter to seek weapons of war for the first time
One of Cuba 's most acclaimed authors , Jose Soler Puig , died at the age of 79 , the official newspaper Granma reported on Saturday .
Under the leadership of Ingwë, the Vanyar were the first to set forth on the Great Journey and reach the shores of Belegaer; they sailed to Aman on the first voyage of Tol Eressëa and remained there permanently
** Security was tight in Jakarta ahead of a trial involving ousted Indonesian Democratic Party leader Megawati Sukarnoputri .
The task Mother Teresa began alone in 1949 in the slums of densely-populated Calcutta , and grew to touch the hearts of people around the world .
( Italy ) 71 73 72
The following year, in SA 3431, the assembled army traveled east to Rivendell
This has nothing to do with the accusation that I am trying to escape the debate , " Banharn told reporters after meeting coalition partners .
When Númenor was destroyed the Kings Men became known as the Black Númenóreans and remained hostile against the Faithful of Gondor
Volkova said last year goods had been exported under many Russian barter deals , with nothing imported in return .
As fitting of a blade of Gondolin, Sting could easily cut the webs of Ungoliants offspring such as Shelob and the spiders of Mirkwood
Hobbits in the films speak Hobbitish with an English Midlands accent, presumably because Tolkien had said that the Shire was based largely on his boyhood home in the Midlands
The group attributed the first-half losses to weak demand and falling prices of viscose fibres , as well as sluggish economies in the West .
Fans bitterly pointed out that Faramir, whose gentle heart was easily moved by pity, would have never let his men treat a prisoner ("no matter how evil") in any way but with kindness
" I think there 's probably a whole lot of material that would expand our understanding of the sociology of the war , " said Edward Smith , director of American Studies at American University in Washington .
Lossoth Elder is named "Yrjana", and he can be found in the Great Lodge of Suri-kyla
Beorn, chieftain of the Beornings, who had joined the fight, slew Bolg along with his bodyguard and carried Thorin to safety
NEW YORK 1996-08-22
S. Campbell 69 ; G. Rose 7-73 ) .
In Peter Jacksons "The Lord of the Rings" films (extended editions included), the palantíri seen are those of Orthanc and Minas Ithil, depicted as roughly the size of a softball, with the smooth appearance of quartz
An Éoherë is the full Muster of Rohan at any given time
4. Paula Radcliffe ( Britain ) 14:59.70
In 2510, Men from Rhûn called the Balchoth, successors to the Wainriders, took advantage of the lightly guarded forts at the Undeeps and invaded across the river
The Bosnian government radio broadcast said U.S. Assistant Secretary of State John Kornblum had reassured SDA officials , including presumably its leader , Bosnian President Alija Izetbegovic , whom he met during a Friday visit .
MINNEAPOLIS 1996-08-28
Their helms were high-crowned and pointed, with long cheek-guards fitting to the face, and above these were set the white wings of sea-birds to honor their seafaring Númenórean heritage; the helms were made of mithril and were heirlooms from ancient times
Their arrows were almost four feet long and usually made of ash with a tip made of gold and shaped like a Mallorn leaf
Net 3,674 4,271
Yorkshire captain David Byas completed his third Sunday league century as his side swept clear at the top of the table , reaching a career best 111 not out against Lancashire .
The chapters are ordered according to Middle-earth locations as they are introduced in the movie, and each covers the conceptualization of structures, characters, creatures and/or objects involved
However, their efforts fail when Bolg and his company of Orcs ambush the Elves while Kíli, who is shot in the leg, manages to reopen the gate and escape
The city of Vinyamar was built under it
Eventually, though, as is explained elsewhere, Saruman became an enemy of Rohan and designed to rule from Isengard as a lord of Men
On this road, near Henneth Annûn, Faramir and the Rangers of Ithilien ambushed a Haradrim army on March 7 TA 3019
When Melkor was released from captivity, he sought to exploit that disunion in a bid to gain the Silmarils and estrange the Ñoldor from the Valar
In 2003, he helped write their first published book, "The Peoples Guide to J.R.R. Tolkien", as well as its follow-up "More Peoples Guide to J.R.R. Tolkien" in 2004." "A year later he was a writer, producer, and interviewer for ", a documentary narrated by Dominic Monaghan
Beneath these cliffs at its eastern end was the famous haven of Andúnië
NORTHAMPTON , England 1996-08-30
LONDON 1996-08-26
3. Norifumi Abe ( Japan ) Yamaha 1:50.858
Italy ( Adler Capelli , Cristiano Citto , Andrea Collinelli , Mauro Trentino ) 4:00.958 ( world record ) beat Russia ( Anton Chantyr , Edouard Gritsoun , Nikolai Kouznetsov ) 4:06.534 .
Gas oil stocks fell with some cargoes arriving from the former Soviet Union , but very fast throughput to markets in Benelux , Germany and Switzerland .
Anne Thily , public prosecutor in the eastern city of Liege where Julie and Melissa lived , said this was a major case involving some 50 investigators -- including two from the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation .
They were dark skinned Men and waged war on great Oliphaunts or "Mûmakil"
1992 - Bulgaria 's former Communist leader Todor Zhivkov , deposed in 1989 , was sentenced to seven years in prison after being found guilty of embezzling state funds .
YORK , England 1996-08-22
Baghdad says it can only accept a few dozens , " said the diplomat .
7. Tadayuki Okada ( Japan ) Honda 1:51.528
As they had at last fulfilled their oath, Aragorn granted the Dead Army their freedom
Herion served in the army of Minas Ithil in the last days before the citys conquest by the Witch-king
The name Fangorn means "Treebeard", from the Sindarin "fang" ("beard") and "orn" ("tree")
Once the bridge was destroyed, Sauron ceased the assault in order to allow the Ringwraiths to begin searching for the One Ring
R. Mahanama b McGrath 50
CHICAGO 1996-08-27
-- Hong Kong newsroom ( 852 ) 2843 6441
O'Meara 73 71 69 71 , Jim Furyk 75 69 67 73 , Justin Leonard 69
These rings of power were distributed to the leaders of the free peoples of Middle-earth in order to achieve control and therefore power
Tutu 's deputy chairman , Alex Boraine , told reporters the commission would begin issuing subpoenas to suspects who refused to appear voluntarily some time this week .
PARIS 1996-08-24
Lithuania - Danius Gleveckas ( 13rd )
A U.S. fighter plane blew a tyre and caught fire while landing on Sunday at Israel 's Ben Gurion airport , an airport spokesman said .
Co-ordinated guerrilla attacks in two southern states overnight that left at least 13 people dead have caused nervousness in Mexico 's financial markets .
It was there that Déagol found a gold Ring in the water, after being pulled out of their boat by a large fish
Alcarinquë was made by Varda in preparation for the Awakening of the Elves from the silver dews of Telperion stored in the Wells of Varda
SEOUL 1996-08-24
Morgulduin was a Sindarin word that meant Black-magic River
NEW YORK , Aug 27 - Moody 's Investors Service - Rating
Sixteen years later, Maedhros led the northern Ñoldor and their allies among Men in a final desperate attempt to defeat Morgoth
BRUSSELS 1996-08-23
Because Sauron was an Ainu, the Black Speech could be derived from a corrupt form of Valarin
MING PAO DAILY NEWS said it hoped Chinese officials would soon open dialogue with Hong Kong 's Democratic Party and the newly-established democracy lobby , Frontier , in order to ease anxieties in the lead-up to the handover .
Barbara Schett ( Austria ) beat Sabine Appelmans ( Belgium ) 1-6 6-4 6-4
Unlike the other Hobbit-kinds, the Stoors took the Redhorn Pass and followed a southern route, where many branched off and moved south to the Angle of Eriador, south of Rivendell, and mingled with Harfoots and Fallohides that lived there; but most went to northern Dunland which most resembled their old lands
Gandalf spoke with him, and would aid him in finding and appointing a burglar
Dallas McKinley is a New Zealand actor who played a Lake-town Guard in ""
The only example given of "pure" Black Speech is the inscription upon the One Ring: When translated into English, these words form the lines: These are the first two lines from the end of a verse about the Rings of Power
The Great Goblin was a large goblin chieftain of the Misty Mountains in Middle-earth during the Third Age
Lebed himself said he was concerned that powerful interests in Moscow , who have profited from the war and want it to go on , would seize on any inadequacy in the deal to remove him .
HONG KONG 1996-08-28
It is not known whether the pass and the tower were called Cirith Ungol when the Men of Gondor held it, though it is likely since Shelob "...was there before Sauron, and before the first stone of Barad-dûr" was laid, and "Cirith Ungol" meant Spiders Cleft in Sindarin
In his desire to take control of all Arda, he dispersed his essense and power throughout the world to the point that Arda as a whole was corrupted and even after his banishment, his evil would continue to plague the world by corrupting men and making the gift of immortality unbearable for the Elves
Ischinger said he met three Russian deputy foreign ministers and a vice defence minister , who confirmed Russian Foreign Minister Yevgeny Primakov 's pledge that Moscow would seek a political solution under the aegis of the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe ( OSCE ) .
MOSCOW 1996-08-25
Saurons army was thus pinned between the two forces and mostly wiped out in the ensuing Battle of the Gwathló
Britain said on Thursday it would give 25 million pounds ( $ 39 million ) of development aid to the Caribbean island of Montserrat , where much of the population living in the south has fled to avoid a volcano .
He also was charged to take Aiwendil (later called "Radagast") to please Yavanna, which Curumo did not wish to do, and this led to contempt for the latter Wizard
Todd Worrell worked the 12th to earn his league-leading 37th save .
Granic arrives to sign Croatia-Yugoslavia treaty .
15 , Hansma 24 , Wouden 70 , 90 ) .
Alejandro Lanusse , the former dictator who ruled Argentina for two years , died at age 78 on Monday .
In Peter Jacksons "The Lord of the Rings" film trilogy, the Men of Dunland are portrayed as a tribe of vile men who accept Sarumans offer to serve Sauron, by aiding him destroy the kingdoms of Men
Scorer : Ilian Simeonov ( 58th )
Talion dies with the rest of the Nazgûl, killed when his fellbeast is struck by debris from the final eruption of Mount Doom following the One Rings destruction and his spirit is freed
6. Danny Theybers ( Belgium ) Honda
78th ) , Jamir Cvetko ( 87th )
About 100 people from the CFDT and the Communist-led CGT unions marched outside Air France headquarters at Charles de Gaulle airport north of Paris against the use of civilian jets and staff in deporting illegal immigrants .
His death came five weeks after James Leander ( Leo ) Nichols , a close friend of Suu Kyi and Danish honorary consul , died while serving a prison term at Insein .
During the battle, the Witch-king confronted Gandalf the White when attempting to enter the city
During the Quest of Erebor, Great Spiders attacked and captured Thorins Company in Mirkwood
A similar poll conducted on Saturday and Sunday had showed a nine point lead for Clinton , ahead by 47-38 percent .
Men 's singles
PSV took control in the second half but could not score until Groningen striker Romano Sion was sent off in the 58th minute .
It was taken from Curufin by Beren, who used it to cut a Silmaril out of Morgoths Iron Crown
They immediately notice a relatively intelligent warrior-troll, Rogash, and recruit him on the promise that they will reunite the Snow and Hill-trolls
Bard leads his Men back to the city of Dale to defend the city for the remainder of the battle
Durins Folk possibly reclaimed their halls in the Grey Mountains during the Fourth Age due to the dwindling of the Orcs and Dragons
The main splendid spot was the developing propensity for displeased men of dynamiting processing plants and force stations
Míriel appoints Elendil to keep watch over Galadriel in the meantime, which initially irks the Elf until Elendil reveals himself to be an Elf-friend, and a speaker of Quenya
Yeltsin 's spokesman said he might meet officials during his break , but indicated Lebed was low on the list by saying Yeltsin would need time to study the proposals before talking to him .
4 - Peter Nicol ( Scotland ) beat 7 - Chris Walker ( England ) 15-8 15-13 13-15 15-9
Once in the War of the Ring, Uruk-hai scouts were sent by Saruman to apprehend the One Ring and its bearer
Mystery has surrounded the Shanghai stockpile in recent months , with traders unsure not only of who owns it , but of its exact size and what its owner planned to do with it .
Magor was the son of Malach "Aradan" and Zimrahin "Meldis", and the younger brother of his sister Adanel
Jordan defends his decision to make the film , whose screenplay he wrote himself after years of research , saying it was " more about history than any political statement " .
Hla Than , an elected member of parliament for the NLD , died in early August after being at Insein for six years .
" Through the establishment of PULPEX , London will have a commodities bourse for forest products which complements existing bourses for oil , metals and ' softs ' ( coffee , sugar and cocoa ) , " OM said .
Additionally, the Black Arrow launched by Bard completely disappeared into the dragons body, and the corpse of Smaug severely destroyed Lake-town when it fell
Police in the town of Uyo said the corporal had been arrested , while the air conditioners had been returned to their rightful owner .
TIRANA 1996-08-24
An estimated 50,000 people , including more than 110 foreigners , have been killed in Algeria 's violence pitting Moslem rebels against government forces since early 1992 when authorities in Algeria cancelled a general election in which FIS had taken a commanding lead .
The 116 , representing political parties in the capital Kinshasa , will help organise a voter census , a constitutional referendum planned for January and efforts to brief potential voters on what balloting involves .
Other issues with the invented story in the "Of the Ruin of Doriath" chapter (but fixed by later sources) include nature of Húrins death, and the history of the Nauglamír (it was made from the treasure not taken from Nargothrond, rather than taken from the hoard)
The situation did not improve, and with arrival of five-hundred Dwarves under Dáin Ironfoot it seemed as if they would be at war with the Elves and Men, but the timely arrival of Gandalf with a warning of an army of Goblins and Wargs coming to do battle for the treasure changed everything
Gondor participated in the Last Alliance of Elves and Men which overthrew Sauron for the first time at the very end of the Second Age, when Isildur cut the One Ring from the Dark Lords finger
Noting that information about Collins was " as mysterious as the existence he maintained " , Jordan said he made some historical assumptions in the film .
2. Doug Turner ( Britain ) 20.48
Benin lead 4-1 from the first leg
Thingols sword was called Aranrúth ("Kings Ire") which later became the sword of the Númenórean kings
The monitoring committee was set up to deal with violations of an April 25 ceasefire understanding that ended 17 days of fighting between Israel and the guerrillas .
Frodo told him the importance of the quest, and Faramir proved his quality to the two Hobbits by letting them go free
SOCCER - HUNGARY FIRST DIVISION RESULTS / STANDINGS .
Right now , Wall Street is pondering the candidates .
Ijaya Indra ( Indonesia ) beat P. Kantharoopan ( Malaysia ) 15-6 5-4
( Nigeria ) , Davidson Ezinwa ( Nigeria ) 38.87
Kenya , South Africa , Pakistan and Sri Lanka will take part in the series .
Summary. Tolkien had written for a long time and had almost completed the new stuff in The Lord of the Rings, which he would soon send to Christopher
NEW YORK 1996-08-31
Around 100 Russian and Ukrainian miners were waiting in Longyear to fly home on the plane that crashed .
However, in time his love of gold had grown far too fierce and he began spending endless hours fawning over his rivers of treasure
Harads tribes were divided (at least in the minds of the men of north-western Middle-earth) into those of Near and Far Harad, although there were many tribes of the Haradrim, often mutually hostile
--
When the Army of the Dead charged, Guritz tried to escape but fell backwards and was trampled by the charging army
In the final battle scene, Weta Digitals "Massive" crowd simulation software and "Grunt" rendering software were used, with thousands of Uruk-hai modelled using Alias/Wavefronts "Maya" software
In the language of the Gondolindrim, Dramborleg means "Thudder-sharp", from "daram" ("beat, hew") or "dram" ("heavy stroke")
Step by step, the army of Morgoth pushed them back into the Fen of Serech
At this place, Ungoliant demanded payment for helping Morgoth overthrow the Two Trees of Valinor and taking the Silmarils
While production and orders rose at Midwest area businesses , the prices they paid for goods used in manufacturing remained well in check .
Cirion prepared to lead an army to Calenardhon and sent six riders to ask for help
The rearguard of the army defended Ithilien while Adrahil joined up with General Eärnil, who had defeated the Haradrim
It is also mentioned that at the end of the Second Age some of the Men in the south had weapons of iron
The Lord of Nogrod saw the remnant of his army defeated in that battle, and he himself fell at Berens hand
7-0-32-0 , Irani 2-0-22-0 , Croft 8-0-37-2 , Hollioake 6.5-1-23-4 .
"​"Themes for the Men of the West Themes for the Fellowship of the Ring
MONTPELIER , Vt .
The move to Bergamo-based Atalanta reunites Lentini , who fell out with ex-Milan coach Fabio Capello last season , with his former coach at Torino , Emiliano Mondonico .
Thorin fights alongside the Men as mightily as any
13. Eddie Irvine ( Britain ) Ferrari 29
AMSTERDAM 1996-08-22
In the Cottage, one of the listeners (proficient at his current occupation) wishes to be in the warlike abode of Makar and his sister Meassë, but says he would be better off a guest of Oromë the hunter, to the amusement of the others
Silva excused his absence from Brazil 's game against Russia , on Wednesday , and Saturday 's match with the Netherlands by saying he had lost his passport .
His maternal grandparents were King Thingol and Melian the Maia
BRUSSELS 1996-08-31
It was situated near the Great East Road northeast of Bree, and at its borders lay the town of Combe
Afterwards he claimed the dragons treasure horde, which the Dwarves believed rightfully belonged to them
Venezuela 's non-traditional exports , which exclude oil and iron , rose 10.6 percent in July to reach $ 334 million compared to $ 302 million in June , according to the Central Office of Statistics and Information ( OCEI ) .
They forged for him necessary weapons and armour, for what would be the onset of war against Melkor
The army consisted of: The Host of Turgon was an army assembled by Turgon, the King of Gondolin for the fifth greatest battle against Morgoth, and the only time Gondolin ever participated in any of the great battles of the First Age
In an earlier version of the legendarium the Vala Silmo ("Thilim" in Gnomish), a servant of Lórien, was appointed with the task of being "ever mindful" of the watering of the silver tree Silpion
Tapie , 53 , was resigning just ahead of expected government action to eject him from the Assembly following a finding by the Supreme Court that he was bankrupt and thus ineligible for public office for a five-year period .
However , USDA reported tops of $ 58.00 in Illinois and in Iowa / southern Minnesota , $ 60.00 on some hogs Monday .
Neagle ( 14-6 ) beat the Braves for the third time this season , allowing two runs and six hits in eight innings .
In Torshavn : Havnar Boltfelag ( Faroe Islands ) 0 Dynamo
FRANCE - Bond and PIBOR futures ended the day higher despite much stronger than expected U.S. data .
The 30-share DAX index in Frankfurt closed up 4.32 at 2,563.16 .
Jonas Bjorkman ( Sweden ) beat Karol Kucera ( Slovakia ) 6-2 5-7 7- 6 ( 7-3 ) 7-5
Owens 's widow Ruth is not well enough to attend but a message from her will be read out by the sprinter 's grand-daughter Gina Tillman during the meeting
The Parisians , who have yet to concede a goal , were without Brazil 's Leonardo and Panama 's Julio Cesar Dely Valdes , both called up by their national sides .
2. Venuste Niyongabo ( Burundi ) 3:51.01
Use of the Elvish languages was forbidden in Númenor by his order in SA 3110
Bowling : Streak 10-1-50-1 ( 2w , 2nb ) , Brandes 10-1-47-2 ( 1w ) ,
" I am prepared to postpone the meeting under one condition -- that you give me a commitment right now to meet Arafat yourself within 10 days , " the paper quoted Weizman as telling Netanyahu .
U.S. boy , 13 , accused of murdering adoptive mother .
Fifteen people were injured when a suburban passenger train and a truck collided at a street-level rail crossing in the Australian city of Melbourne on Monday , said rail and ambulance officials .
Both Meri , 67 , and Ruutel , 68 will automatically be listed as candidates but the election will also be open to new nominations with the backing of any 21 members of the college .
A shares -- distributed to former holders of property rights in the Beirut central district SOLIDERE is rebuilding -- closed at $ 104.625 unchanged from Thursday .
Pale swords were drawn; but I know not whether their blades would still bite, for the Dead needed no longer any weapon but fear." Despite not needing weapons, the weapons of the Enemy could not harm them
The Easterlings swept through Gondors defence, cutting down the King and his heirs and routing his army
Yorkshire rekindled their title hopes after three successive defeats by taking the upper hand against arch-rivals Lancashire at Old Trafford .
" People who wish to hold conferences of course do n't need to seek permission from the government in Britain , " Rifkind , in Pakistan for a visit , told Reuters . "
In the First Age, the Drúedain developed a close relationship with the Folk of Haleth, the Edain that inhabited the forest of Brethil
The fire from one of these dragons was so intense that it was said to be able to consume and melt the Rings of Power (as became the case with some of the Dwarven Rings), with the exception of the One Ring
Reliever Mark Acre ( 0-1 ) took the loss .
3. Marcus Gronholm ( Finland ) Toyota Celica 2:09
" In the name of Jesus , we want to bring your attention to what is going on in the Brazilian countryside , " two church umbrella groups said in a Letter to the Brazilian People .
Sandrine Testud ( France ) beat 7 - Ai Sugiyama ( Japan ) 6-3 4-6
Constand Viljoen , leader of the Freedom Front party , told a news conference in Pretoria self-determination for Afrikaners could begin at local government level .
6 - Andre Agassi ( U.S. ) vs. Mauricio Hadad ( Colombia )
Indian fishermen said on Wednesday they had been forced at gunpoint to ferry refugees fleeing the ethnic war in Sri Lanka to India , as a protest strike by more than 30,000 fishermen entered its ninth day .
"Nienna" means "weeping "or "she who weeps "in Quenya and" "comes" "from the root "nei" ("tear")
JERUSALEM 1996-08-25
However, in a text found in "The Peoples of Middle-earth", alternate set of names are given, Morinehtar and Rómestámo (or "Rome(n)star"), "Darkness-slayer" and "East-helper"
Vidugavia was a prince of the Northmen and was known as the King of Rhovanion, despite only being its mightiest prince
After the Battle of the Pelennor Fields, a force of Longbeards and Men of Dale held the Lonely Mountain against a siege by an army of Easterlings who had overrun the Kingom of Dale
"Urulóki" - Quenya word for ""Heat", "Hot", or "Fire Serpents", "also used as a name for Fire-Drakes
These men were called Easterlings, and they led many attacks against Gondor and its allies in the Third Age
Rohrabacher flew into Bagram military airbase north of Kabul in a Red Cross plane on Tuesday after meeting northern opposition militia leader General Abdul Rashid Dostum .
C. Lewis b Wasim Akram 5
He seemed to relish the new track at the Brussels meeting , dominating the race from start to finish with a slight wind at his back .
"Night unfolds its wings around the waxing moon" "Shadow overtakes an unsuspecting band of fools" "The evil in this land will make a mess out of your mind" "Can’t tell left from right, best friend from barrow-wight" "The last liege of Cardolan lies in this tomb" "Fallen before the glorious, ultimately victorious Carn Dûm" "Tonight’s sacrifices all in white gowns" "Sleep beneath the fog on the Barrow-downs" "Our prize, the four pale travelers, emit a greenish radiance" "Dreaming fitfully in vain about deliverance" "Laid across their necks a silver blade" "Hungry for a hand to seal their fates" "So it begins the bell now strikes the hour" "The chamber starts to crackle with our returning power" "A bone-chilling, blood-curdling chant comes from deep within the mound" "Echoing through the fog on the Barrow-downs" "Never more to wake from your stony bed" "Never till the sun fails and the moon is dead" "In the black winds, the stars shall die" "No light can stand against the might of the Lidless Eye" "Black Rider"
The Northmen of Rhovanion, and their discendants such as the Rohirrim, the Men of Dale and Lake-men, were counted as Middle Men, as were most people living in Eriador
It was found by the dragon Smaug and added to his treasure heap
Ivorwen is played by actress Philippa Hammond in the fan-made film "Born of Hope"
The president 's office said in a statement that Lands Minister Luminzu Shimaponda had been appointed Legal Affairs Minister , while Deputy Foreign Minister Peter Machungwa would take over from Shimaponda .
Snaga was killed along with the rest by Éomers éored
Then the Mouth brings a small army of Easterlings and some builders to establish a base there. During this, the Witch-king of Angmar, Shelob, Drogoth, and Nazgûl upon Fellbeasts arrive, followed by Sauron himself, who had killed Frodo and recovered the Ring
German chancellor to meet Yeltsin Sept 7 - Interfax .
Fíriel means "mortal woman" in the Quenya language
The Quenya term "nur" or "nura" means ("to separate") and "-wë" may have come from "-wego" which is frequent in masculine names
The Dunlendings were taken captive, however, they were freed after swearing an oath not to again attack Rohan and clearing the battlefield of the dead
LAGOS 1996-08-23
Adars main army then easily overwhelmed the villagers, and Adar acquired the sword-hilt by threatening to kill Bronwyn; Theo handing it over to save his mother
Merry and Pippin recounted the incident, saying that the enraged roars of the Ents were enough to crack the stones
Perry , a Liberian Senate member during the 1980s , returned to Monrovia on August 22 after West African leaders nominated her for the job under a peace deal signed in Nigeria 's capital Abuja five days earlier .
Grimbold perishes on the Pelennor Fields, mauled to death by a fellbeast
SAN DIEGO AT MONTREAL
1. Lars Riedel ( Germany ) 70.60 metres
The police were given an unexpected hand by second-half substitute Sergen Yalcin who rekindled Turkish hopes in the 61st with a splendid half-volley which stunned Belgian goalkeeper Filip De Wilde .
14. Olivier Panis ( France ) Ligier 1:54.220
Born in TA 2922 of the late-Third Age, Morwen Steelsheen was considerably taller than most of the Men in Middle-earth due to her Dúnedain heritage, a trait that was said to be inherited by a number of her descendants
Both houses are owned by Dutroux .
The dreaded " chupabolos " -- " drunksucker " -- preys on men who have passed out in the streets of Matagalpa , 80 miles ( 130 kms ) north of Managua , placing hickey-like " lovebites " on various parts of their bodies , El Nuevo Diario reported .
He became the fifth shortstop in major-league history to hit 30 homers in a season and the first since Ripken hit 34 in 1991 .
But Stich did n't want to play that game .
Marshalling at Dunharrow is the twentieth soundtrack of the Complete Recordings of "." It plays when the army of the Rohirrim assemble and are mustered at Dunharrow
Their actions, especially those of Morgoth, had a permanent negative impact on the world, as the Dark Lords both destroyed many beautiful things and places, and caused untold anguish and grief
The folk became known as the Falathrim, ""people of the foaming shore", and dwelt in the Falas by the sea
The name Pengolodh was a Sindarized form of his Quenya name Quendingoldo
Near the Swanfleet was a ford over the Glanduin, from where led a road to the ruins of Ost-in-Edhil, the ruined city of Eregion
Valarin bears no relation to any other language of Middle-earth, as it had originated beyond Arda
Qualifier vs. Michael Stich ( Germany )
After being encouraged by Disa to not give up his fight, Durin discovers that mithril does, in fact, neutralize the corruption spoken of by Elrond
Jordan , which has blamed Iraq for bread riots last week , has asked an Iraqi diplomat to leave , official and diplomatic sources said on Friday .
The Black Arrow was forged by Thrór the Dwarf, who was ""King Under The" (Lonely) "Mountain,"" according to "The Hobbit"
As he passes, he apologizes to Aragorn and acknowledges Aragorns birth right to the throne of Men
Men go to a different hall to be judged by Mandos before leaving Arda completely
His grandson Arvedui, who was born in Aravals lifetime and just thirteen years after his great victory, was to see the final destruction of the kingdom of Arthedain
A London-based spokesman of the Iraqi National Congress said Iraqi artillery was shelling the city and Iraqi tanks had advanced to within 10 km ( six miles ) of Arbil , the administrative centre of the Kurdish rebel-controlled region of northern Iraq .
Investigators arrested a senior police detective on Sunday in connection with their inquiries into Belgium 's child sex scandal , Public Prosecutor Michel Bourlet said .
Mark Cairns ( England ) beat 6 - Del Harris ( England ) 15-12 7-15
Also reaching the second round were top-seeded defending champion Pete Sampras , a 6-2 6-2 6-1 winner over last minute replacement Jimy Szymanski of Venezuela , called on after Adrian Voinea of Romania withdrew because of a sprained ankle .
The event in the books stays the same, wherein Melkor was chained by Angainor and cast behind the Door of Night
3. Fatima Yusuf ( Nigeria ) 51.43
Soon the three of them came across a host of Snow-trolls, Hill-trolls and Dire wolves fighting amongst themselves; after stopping the senseless fighting, the Witch-king proposed to the host before him to join him and fight for him for many gifts
16 - Martina Hingis ( Switzerland ) beat Miriam Oremans ( Netherlands ) 6-4 6-4
GOLF - BRITISH MASTERS SECOND ROUND SCORES .
6. Peter Pieters - Tomas Post ( Netherlands ) 14
Rolf Soderlind
Ingwion was a Vanyarin Elf and the son of Ingwë, High King of the Elves
"Eldarin "- Quenya word referring to the generic name given to languages spoken by the Elves, Quenya and Sindarin
Bodies have been sighted but no survivors have yet been found at the site of Thursday 's crash of a Russian airliner on Norway 's remote Arctic island of Spitzbergen , Norwegian officials said .
World Series cricket match between Australia and Sri Lanka on
Rita Grande ( Italy ) beat Alexia Dechaume-Balleret ( France ) 6-3 6-0
Thorin used the sword afterwards in the Battle of Azanulbizar and in the early stages of the Quest of Erebor, but discarded it upon coming into possession of Orcrist in the Trollshaws
71 Steven Bottomley , Ove Sellberg ( Sweden ) , Joakim Haeggman
-- Paris newsroom +331 4221 5432
- Work groups and weekend arrest to quell juvenile violence in Basque Country
She was "fairer than silver or ivory or pearls", and "smaller" in body than most Númenórean women
They were an alien folk to the other Men: resembling Dwarves in stature and endurance, stumpy, clumsy-limbed (with short, thick legs, and fat, "gnarled" arms)
On that same day, an army from the Black Gate emerged and captured the island of Cair Andros
Ferumbras lived and held the title of Thain in a period between SR 740 and SR 1083
In the tumult following the Downfall of Númenor, Lindon suffered great loss as "the sea rode in upon the land", and therefore had shrunk when the Third Age began
PARIS 1996-08-28
COLOMBO 1996-08-26
The SPLA has fought Khartoum 's government forces in the south since 1983 for greater autonomy or independence of the mainly Christian and animist region from the Moslem , Arabised north .
The Firebeards and the Broadbeams were the two Dwarf-clans associated with the Blue Mountains in "Of Dwarves and Men"" "(from volume XII of "The History of Middle-earth")
I. Salisbury c Inzamam-ul-Haq b Wasim Akram 5
In the early versions of Tolkiens legendarium (see "The History of Middle-earth"), a character named Egnor appears
World number one golfer Greg Norman has sacked his coach Butch Harmon after a disappointing season .
NEW YORK 1996-08-30
70 , Jose Coceres ( Argentina ) 69 78 71 , Paul Eales 75 71 72 ,
After defeating the Mordorian army, the Elves enter Mordor to massacre civilians with the help of Men from the East, supposedly to eliminate the "educated" classes
The PUK-run radio on Friday said Iraqi heavy artillery was pounding its positions in Kurdish-controlled northern Iraq but it gave no details of casualties .
Eglantine Took, née Banks was a hobbit of the Shire
"Naug" / "Nogoth" - Sindarin for Dwarf
The armies of the city are generally better armed and presented than other Haradrim tribes
The Dunlendings allied with Saruman in the War of the Ring and after their defeat at the Battle of the Hornburg they were pardoned and allowed to return home after swearing oaths not to attack Rohan again
( Britain ) 3:43.078
It might have originated in the First Age during the battles of Beleriand, where the Elvish weapon-smiths of Doriath, Gondolin, and Nargothrond constantly searched for "something "to stem the tide decisively against the overwhelming hordes of Morgoths Orcs emerging from Angband
Markus Feldhoff hit a consolation goal for Leverkusen .
Pollock , who returns home on Tuesday for an ankle operation , took the last three wickets in nine balls as Worcestershire were dismissed for 154 .
Club president Andre Bois said a successor would be named on Friday .
England second innings
MILAN 1996-08-29
4. Valentina Fedyushina ( Russia ) 18.55
The Silmarils now contained all the remaining light of the Two Trees
" Microsoft sent a lot of signals that NT was going to be the answer , " Winkler said . "
BUNOL , Spain 1996-08-28
A. Mullally b Wasim Akram 24
Several months later, Elrond and Arwen parted at Edoras for the last time after a great feast in memory of Théoden
Sarumans forces were surprised by this new army coming from the east as the Sun rose
OAKLAND AT NEW YORK
Did not bat : Dharmasena , Vaas , Muralitharan .
SOCCER - TOGO BEAT CONGO 1-0 IN AFRICA NATIONS CUP QUALIFIER .
Captain Sahír, however, would only grow to covet the blade for himself
BAGHDAD 1996-08-24
Aldors hand slips, releasing an arrow and killing the first Uruk of the army
Elena Wagner ( Germany ) beat Gigi Fernandez ( U.S. ) 6-1 6-4
China said to fear dissidents more than criminals .
Sting was used as a sword by Bilbo Baggins, who found it in a troll-hoard together with Glamdring and Orcrist
It lands near the Harfoots home in Rhovanion
The use of carts is generally prohibited in the professional game , and if Olazabal is allowed to use one in Bordeaux , he might then request one for the qualifying tournaments for next year 's Ryder Cup .
Denethor arrives and instructs Boromir to travel to Rivendell and bring back the One Ring
FOCUS - Eurobourses end mixed but London recovers .
"Ann-thannath" - Combination of Sindarin words meaning The-Gift-of-Words
Leeson , the Northern Ireland-born actor who was nominated for an Oscar for best actor for his performance in " Schindler 's List " , plays the lead role in Jordan 's film .
A swell of protest is growing within Venezuela 's trade unions at the proposed year-end privatization of the state-owned holding company Corporacion Venezolana de Guayana ( CVG ) , CVG union leaders said Tuesday .
These sacrilegious black arts and follies, which arose as a consequence of their worship of The Dark and Melkor, marked the final, irrevocable division between the Kings Men and the minority known as the Faithful Númenóreans, or the Elendili, who kept to their old faith in Ilúvatar
River Trolls can be found in some fantasy games, Beasts of War and RuneScape, for instance
Gil-galad entrusted Narya to his lieutenant Círdan, Lord of the Havens of Mithlond, who kept it after Gil-galads death
Togo win 1-0 on aggregaete
BONN 1996-08-24
SPA-FRANCOCHAMPS 1996-08-25
Ranked 18th in the world , Stich might have been slipped into that spot ahead of Spain 's Felix Mantilla , who is 16th but had never been played in the Open and had been left out of the seedings originally .
The name Lindissë is most likely a Quenya word
The Fallohides were the least common of hobbits, and in their earliest known history they lived in the forested region where later was the Eagles Eyrie near the High Pass to the north, in the Vales of Anduin
Frór spent his short life in the Grey Mountains
"Navaer" - Sindarin word for Farewell
Members of the Xhosa royal family , branding Gcaleka a charlatan , confiscated the head and sent it for tests to a forensic scientist , who examined the shape of the skull and the hole that he determined had not come , as supposed , from a bullet .
The book was preserved in the city of Kortirion, on Tol Eressëa
His army was positioned on the southern side of the Mountain, and was the first to charge
Saruman tracks the Fellowship using Crebain and summons massive snow avalanches and rock-slides to try and hinder the heroes at Caradhras
